Our admissions team can answer all of your questions about DBS and support you throughout the admissions process. They are available to provide personalised advice over the phone Monday-Friday 8.45am-5.15pm (except bank holidays and Easter and Christmas vacations) or you can email anytime.
Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
All Non EU overseas international students need to send their application to:
International Department Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
For specific queries please e-mail the appropriate department as detailed below:
Accounts / Finance Office:[email protected]International Office:[email protected]Professional School:[email protected]Registrar's Office:[email protected]Careers & Appointments Services:[email protected]Library:[email protected]Exams Office:[email protected]European Office:[email protected]Student Services:[email protected]
Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any of the information on these web pages. While every effort has been made to ensure the information contained on this site is correct, the college is not liable for any errors or omissions.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
A mere two minute walk from St. Stephens Green, the Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street, George's Street and Balfe Street are all within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city.Buses servicing Aungier Street directly are 9, 16, 65, 65b, 68, 68a or 83. AllBus,DART,LuasandRailroutes service the city centre with terminals close to the College.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We will send you our prospectus via email based on your enquiry. Would you also like to receive a physical copy of the prospectus in the mail?
I would also like to receive a copy of the prospectus in the post
The information provided will be retained by DBS for use in connection with your course of study at Dublin Business School. Would you like to hear more about open events and other related information/programmes?
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We welcome students from around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Dublin City.
We welcome students from all around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
We welcome students from Europe to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
DBS offers a 16 week programme for US students who want to know more about Ireland
Programmes for International Students
Information on Ireland
US Study Abroad | Programmes
Fees for International Students
English Language Requirements
DBS student Ibla from Germany shares her journey at DBS. Ibla was awarded Student of the Year at the Graduation.
DBS student Tobias from Germany shares his experience at DBS, highlighting how the variety of modules helped him discover his career path.
DBS student Luisa from Germany shares her experience at DBS, highlighting academic support services that have made a difference in her studies.
DBS student Clara from France shares her experience at DBS and what she likes most about Dublin.
DBS student Roos from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS and shares some great advice for new students.
DBS student Betty from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS, highlighting how the course’s practical approach helped her apply classroom learning to real-world experiences.
DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
European students have two options when deciding to study a semester at Dublin BusinessSchool. Each option is available in both the Spring (January) and Winter (September)semester.
Option A - Undergraduate Semester Abroad or Postgraduate Semester Abroad (30 ECTS)
Students can choose a selection of modules from all programmes offered at DBS at bothBachelor and Masters level. This option allows you the flexibility to build on your currentknowledge in your field of study but also gives you the opportunity of studying somethingnew. Subject areas include Business, Marketing, Arts, Journalism, Psychology, SocialScience, Computing and Accountancy. You can study up to 30 ECTS.
Option B - Certificate in Global Business
For students who prefer to study a more specialised semester, they can choose to study the Certificate in Global Business, a Level 7 state-accredited certificate programme, and receive an internationally recognised certificate award in one semester. The Certificate in Global Business, is accredited by the Irish government body Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI) and is worth 30 ECTS credits. You will study five core modules, along with having the flexibility of choosing one elective course. To view full course information for the Certificate in Global Business,click here.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Dublin Business School promotes opportunities for transfer and progression by European students onto one of our year-long programmes. Students may choose to study on one of our Bachelor/Masters degrees and graduate with a state-accredited, internationally recognised degree. Alternatively, students have the opportunity to join us to study a range of modules over one academic year allowing students’ greater flexibility to choose modules they wish to study.
European students may have the opportunity to join the final year (Year 3) of a bachelor programme (in Ireland full-time bachelor programmes are typically three years duration) and receive the bachelor award if they meet the prerequisite entry requirements of the programme. This is a very popular option with students from our European partner schools and will provide students with a very attractive qualification when they enter the job market. Bachelor programmes are offered in our Winter and Spring intake (subject to demand). Students can choose from a wide range of bachelor programmes offered at Dublin Business School subject to meeting the entry requirements.See all Undergraduate programmes here.
Students with appropriate qualifications that meet the entry requirements can also apply tojoin a Master’s programme at Dublin Business School. In Ireland full-time Mastersprogrammes are typically one-year duration.See all Postgraduate programmes here.
Year-Long Academic Programme
Students who wish to have greater flexibility to choose the modules they would like to study for one year can join our year-long academic programme (60 ECTS). Our year-long academic programme is available to students in the September intake only.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The first step is to consult with the International Office in your school as they may organise the application process with DBS and will send your documents on your behalf. If your International Office does not have a partnership with DBS and you wish to apply as a ‘free mover’, please submit your application directly to our European admissions team at[email protected].
Application documents:
[1] Please complete the European Application FormDownload the PDFand type answers using a keyboard.One Semester options:• Undergraduate Semester programme - 30 ECTS• Certificate in Global Business (QQI award) - 30 ECTS• Postgraduate Semester programme - 30 ECTSFull Academic Year options:Please indicate year of entry to DBS and include the name (and stream if relevant of the DBS programme)• Ordinary Bachelor Degree - Level 7• Bachelor of Arts, Honours Degree - Level 8• Postgraduate Degree - Level 9• Year-Long Semester Abroad - 60 ECTS[2] A copy of Passport or National ID Card[3] Evidence of English Language ProficiencyFor applicants whose first language is not English, you must provide an internationally recognised English language test score (e.g. B2+ for CEFRL, 6.0 for IELTS, 105 for Duolingo, B2+ for Cambridge English (ESOL Level 2), 76 for TOEFL IBT and 52-57 for PTE).English proficiency exams must be dated within the last 2 years.Please check under the individual programme requirements for any specific variance inentry requirements.
[4] Official Degree Transcripts for each year and each semester to dateTranslation is required for documentation and transcripts not produced in English.If you are applying directly you can email your documents to[email protected]or post them to:European Admissions Department,Dublin Business School,13-14 Aungier Street,Dublin 2.The Admissions team will review your application and notify you of their decision. If you are offered a place, in order to formally accept it you will need to sign the offer letter.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The DBS campuses are all located in central Dublin, with extensive transport links to the greater Dublin area. We aim to help students to find accommodation within this area.
If you are successful in securing a place to study at Dublin Business School you will find our Accommodation Guide useful.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Tuition fees for European students applying for entry in either our Winter or Spring semester are listed below:Tuition fees for undergraduate semester  = €3,050
Tuition fees for certificate programmes (30 ECTS) = €3,050
Tuition fees for postgraduate semester = €4,450Tuition fees for year long undergraduate academic programmes (including Bachelor's degree) = from €6,060Tuition fees for Postgraduate programmes = Our Masters fees vary in price. Therefore, please refer to the fees section on the programme page of our websiteSee a full list of EU fees
Europe Admissions TeamDublin Business School13/14 Aungier St.Dublin 2IrelandT: +353 1 417 7500E:[email protected]
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Drop in Advice Sessions
We offer free drop in advice sessions to offer you career advice and guidance to ensure you make the right decision. You can drop in to our Aungier Street building, Monday - Friday from 8.45 - 17.15, and a member of our admissions team would be delighted to discuss the various study options available to you.
The Admissions OfficeDublin Business School13/14 Aungier StreetDublin 2, IrelandT: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]Our Admissions Team opening hours are 8.45am – 5.15pm, Monday – Friday. We look forward to welcoming you.
Connect with us on social media
Like 'Dublin Business School' on Facebook.
Follow@dbscollegeon Twitter.
JoinDBScollegeon Instagram.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
