Monday to Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 - 5:00pmAll HOURS
Monday to Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 - 5:00pm
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.LOG A TICKET
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.
All the information you need about how to use the library and more. LEARN MORE
All the information you need about how to use the library and more.
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions. WORKSHOPS LIST
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions.
DBS Library has a variety of tailored resources for all types of users and needs.
Click below to find out more:
As the days grow longer, our opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday, 9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
As the days grow longer, our opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday, 9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
Best Library Team 2025
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 31, 2025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 31, 2025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Library, in partnership with DBS Spark, is showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
DBS Library, in partnership with DBS Spark, is showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
Institutional repository
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Subscribe to our library blog.
Keep up with the latest library news!

DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL13/14 Angier Street, Dublin 2,D02 WC04,Ireland.T: +353 1 417 7500E:admissions@dbs.ieDBS is part of KAPLAN INC. Provider of Education Services
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk.
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Angier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
In this guide, you will find key information for all Library users. Library staff are available in person and online to help with any of your queries.
DBS Library and Academic Hub is an innovative and modern information and library service staffed by professionally qualified library personnel. The Library service occupies the 2nd floor of the Aungier Street building. In addition to quiet study space and extensive opening hours, the Library is fully Wi-Fi enabled with open seating in our reading room. We also have an extensive online library comprising online databases and e-books which can be accessed 24 hours a day on or off campus.As librarians we know that navigating today’s information world can be confusing and intimidating, so we offer a programme of classes on searching for information, essay writing and more that are tailored to your needs, including one to one support for information seeking, essay writing and dissertation preparation. Our approachable and friendly staff are always on hand to answer any questions that you have throughout your studies.
A post shared by DBS Library (@dbs.library)
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk 4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
This guide contains all important information that faculty need to know about DBS Library.
DBS Library works with teaching departments in the college to make sure your teaching and research needs are met. If you have any questions or would like more information please do not hesitate to contact us
Resources for Students
DBS Library is located on the second floor of the Aungier Street Building.
There's two ways to access the library's resources:
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Through the library, you can access a vast collection of books, ebooks, databases, case studies, as well as past exam papers.See information on each of them below.
How do I login?You can use your Moodle login to access library resources and databases.
BooksDBS Library has a print collection of over 40,000 items covering all subject areas.  The print collection is comprised of a Reference Collection and a Main Lending Collection. Loan types for books in the Main Lending Collection include 3-day loan, 1-week loan and 2-week loan.
To renew books via your library account please clickhere.Your can log in your using Moodle login details.
eBooksThe Library provides access to over 30,000 eBook titles across a number of platforms. This collection is continually expanding.
Search for books and eBooks using the catalogue search box below
The Library provides access to library databases across a wide range of subject areas to support teaching, learning and research at DBS. The databases contain a large portfolio of reports, case studies, journal articles, newspaper articles and much more.
EBSCO Discovery search
Material from the databases can be searched using a single search called EBSCO Discovery search.
Search for articles and more using the EBSCO Discovery search box below
Alternatively, to find a particular database you can use the A-Z database list. This guide provides access to each individual database and a short description of the material contained in each resource.
Search for a particular database using the A-Z database list search box below
Detailed information on how to search the databases can be foundhere
Sage Business Casesis a collection of more than 6000 cases from over 120 countries on a wide range of industries.
Faculty and students can access Sage Business Cases using their Moodle login details.
Additionally, faculty can access instructor notes. Faculty should first login with their Moodle login details and then set up a profile for themselves. Once this process is complete, they will need to contact the library and we will provide them with an instructor code to access additional content including instructor notes.
When using cases, faculty should follow guidance provided by the Learning Unithere.
Details about locating past exam papers can be foundhere.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Reading lists are available in the Module Reading List link in the Module Information block as shown below. This will link to the online reading list for that particular module.
The online reading lists for your modules may contain books and online resources such as eBooks, journal articles, journal titles, websites, etc.
Clicking on a book title on an online reading list will show real-time availability and location in the library (classmark).
Any e-resource links will link directly to eBooks and other online resources when these are available.
For more information on developing or updating a reading list please consult theLibrary's guides for faculty
NotePlease check the module reading list link in each of your modules as soon as possible and email ouracquisition librarian.
Note that orders can take 2-6 weeks so let us know any changes to your lists early to ensure students have access to the necessary material.
If the book or subject area you are looking for is not covered in our print or eBook collections, you can suggest new titles by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Alternatively, you can add your suggestion via yourlibrary account.This way you will automatically receive emails as the suggestion is accepted/rejected, ordered and received. You will also be able to see the status of a suggestion on your library account.
Some publishers make inspection copies of their textbooks available to lecturers. An inspection copy may usually be retained by the lecturer if it is adopted for a course.
Further details can be obtained by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Note Faculty must contact the publisher themselves to request an inspection copy.The procedures and conditions to request inspection copies may vary from one publisher to another.
Check out some of the latest library's acquisitions related to teaching.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Besides offering resources and helping you prepare for teaching, the library also frequently runs workshops to support faculty and students.
The Library workshops aim to ensure that all DBS students will have necessary information literacy skills to succeed in their academic work, in the workplace and beyond.
The topics covered in our workshops include:
The library workshop pageprovides full details of the workshops the library offers.
Research shows that there is a positive correlation between these types of information literacy instruction and student success (ACRL,2017).
DBS Library has adapted a new Information Literacy Model to inform its information literacy practice. This model is called the Framework for Information in Higher Education developed by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL). This model reflects the needs of students in a rapidly changing information landscape where students are both creators and consumers of information. This model emphasizes the key importance of behaviors like self reflection and self direction learning in the learning environment.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
These library guides have been created by our IL and Research Team in support of student and faculty research activities:
The DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is an international open access journal that accepts submissions from researchers, students, and practitioners both within the DBS community and externally from all disciplines.
Check out ourDBS Library Press Guideto learn more about how to get your work published.
If you would like to see all issues of the journal, visit theDBS Applied Research Journal website.
TheDBS Institutional Repository(eSource) hosts articles, final-year projects, theses, conference papers, book chapters and more, all produced by DBS staff and students. Having your work available and easily accessible online is a great way to elevate your academic and professional profile.
The library highly encourages staff submissions, and all information on our guides and polices can be found on oureSource guide.
If you have any questions, please reach out to theResearch Librarianorbook a one-to-one appointment.
If you have any research related inquires you can book a one-to-one meeting with the Research Librarian by clicking the button below.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub 2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
The Learning Unit (LU)at DBS, staffed by Bernadette Higgins (Senior Educational Developer) and Sylwia Plucisz (Educational Developer) plays a pivotal role in supporting academic management and advancing teaching and learning. Our mission is to promote excellence, foster innovation, and enhance collaboration across all areas of education.
Our core objectives include providing Continuous Professional Development (CPD) for faculty helping them to design and implement evidence-based, pedagogically sound learning, teaching and assessment strategies.
LU primarily supports lecturing faculty but also offers resources and training to other learner support staff. We host drop-in "Ask Me Anything" (AMA) sessions for personalised advice, alongside a range of self-service resources such as video tutorials, CPD lessons, and instructional guides. We also guide new faculty members through all DBS Learning Technologies and support their journey towards earning professional badges by completing DBS Module Pathway OnDemand lessons.
LU works alongside other departments in DBS such as SESU, Exams, Academic Operations, Registrar, Library, IT, Content Production and Student Experience to ensure that faculty training is informed by all areas of the DBS Learning Ecosystem.
Beyond internal support, LU offers faculty the chance to pursue the Advance HE Fellowship in Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. We also promote external development opportunities, such as AHEAD UDL badges and other professional HE badges provided by the National Forum.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Use our online tool to book study rooms in the library.
Book a 1-1 Consultation
Meet one on one with one of our experts and get help with your research, assignment planning, and academic writing.
Upcoming Library and Academic Support Workshops
Time Zone:
    UK, Ireland, Lisbon Time
            (change)
Select a Library or Academic Support calendar to see what's available.
Need more help? Get in contact with us here!
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.
