Alison - Lecturer in Counselling & Psychotherapy. Alison is an experienced Counsellor and Psychotherapist with over 25 years in the field of counselling and psychotherapy.  
Alison Biography - She graduated from the Tivoli Institute in 1996 and has been working as a Counsellor and Psychotherapist since then, first becoming accredited in 1999.  Alison completed Advanced Supervision training in 2007 and delivers supervision to all levels of supervisees: trainees, post graduates, accredited therapists and accredited Supervisors.  
Alison has served on the Governing Body of IAHIP from 2004-2007 and was Hon. Treasurer during that period.  She started her career in 1992 as a volunteer counsellor with the Dublin Rape Crisis Centre.  
In 1994 she was instrumental in the foundation of the Goldenbridge Counselling helpline.  Alison has run a private practice for many years and joined the staff at DBS in January 2015.
Creative approaches to working with the many and varied issues that arise in the practice of psychotherapy including Gestalt, psychodynamic, existential, family and group psychology.
Alison Qualifications and Membership of Professional Bodies - Diploma in Counselling & Psychotherapy (Tivoli) Advanced Diploma in Supervision Accredited Psychotherapist IAHIP, MICP, MEAP Accredited Supervisor IAHIP

Dr. Andrew Browne - Lecturer in Arts and English Language
Biography - Dr. Browne has studied at third-level in the United States and Europe. He finished his BA at St. Patrick’s College DCU with double first-class honours and received prizes for the highest marks in History and English, 
the first time that was accomplished. At Trinity College Dublin he was awarded a first-class honour for his MPhil thesis on Samuel Beckett. 
Dr. Browne was then awarded a highly competitive Doctoral Teaching Fellowship at NUI Galway where he wrote his PhD dissertation on Thomas Kinsella.
 He was later awarded an Irish Research Council Fellowship and an Arts Faculty Write-up Fellowship. Dr. Browne became an Information Professional
  through a first-class honours MLIS at UCD. He has lectured and tutored at NUI Galway, UCD and Maynooth University. He was the Course Director 
  for the Kilkenny First Arts, Maynooth University’s English Department programme. Dr. Browne has published essays and poetry in the US, Europe 
  and Australia. He is an active Humanities and Social Sciences researcher with broad interests. Currently he is engaged with studies on Thomas 
  Kinsella and John Banville while also researching study-abroad student experiences, student progression and collaborative research tools and
methods. His Qualifications and Membership of Professional Bodies - Certificate in English Language Teaching, Swan Institute,Masters in Library and Information Studies, University College Dublin (First-class honours),PhD in English Literature, National University of Ireland, Galway,European Computer Driving License Certificate, Irish Computer Society,Certificate in Postgraduate Development, National University of Ireland, Galway,MPhil in Anglo-Irish Literature, Trinity College, Dublin University (First-class honours for dissertation),BA in Humanities, St Patrick’s College, Dublin City University (Double first-class honours),Certificate in Psychology, National University of Ireland, Maynooth,Certificate in Counselling and Psychotherapy, Tivoli Institute, Dun Laoghaire, Associate of Arts in General Studies, Peninsula College, Washington State, USA
his Research Interests Anglo-Irish Literature Collaborative research Study-Abroad Education Humanities and Social Sciences

Andy Fitzgerald - Lecturer in  BA (Hons) in Computing Science
Biography -  Andy Fitzgerald  is a well-rounded software engineer with over 15+ years of experience working for a wide range of companies such as Hewlett Packard, Microsoft, PNC Global Investments, Newbay Software, HMH & Groupon. Expertise in the computer industry as a staff software developer, technical lead, development and Q/A & build automation in Linux/Windows environments.

Angelo- Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences. He was born and educated in Italy. He came to Ireland in 2002 to study for a PhD and has taught in different colleges (DBS, UCD, Marino Institute, Hibernia College) since 2006.

Dr. Anna  Wolniak - Lecturer in Social Sciences Teaching Online, year-long module, Dublin City University, Ireland
Dr. Anna Wolniak is a lecturer in Sociology and Social Science at Dublin Business School for over ten years, she has been also teaching Sociology at Dublin City University for eight years. Her PhD focused on legal consciousness and behaviour regarding copyright law on the internet, particularly on attitudes towards sharing, copying and downloading digital materials. Technology and social norms are still among her main interests, especially the intersection between law, morality and technical innovations. Over the years, she has also developed a special interest in inequality and social categorisation – how categories of difference are implicated in the production and reproduction of inequality and what can be done about it.
She has been teaching on a variety of core sociological modules regarding inequalities and sociological theory, as well as those with wider social science scope, like migration, social policy, poverty, youth and children studies. She has been a supervisor of many research projects from the area of social science.

Dr. Annette  Jorgensen - Lecturer in Social Sciences
Annette has over ten years' experience of teaching Sociology and Social Science at third level and in adult education. Annette currently teaches qualitative research & analysis, globalisation and culture, gender & sexuality, and health studies and acts as thesis supervisor and year head for a number of students. Her research interests include the changing relationship between society and nature and the connections between culture and identity. This reserach focuses on the ways in which actors make sense of such issues, using ethnography, cultural analysis and visual research methods. She is an active member of the DBS Research and Ethics Committees.

Dr. Barnaby  Taylor - Lecturer in Film and Creative Media
Barnaby completed his doctoral study at the University of Kent and taught at Trinity College Dublin before joining Dublin Business School. He is currently engaged in cutting-edge research activities exploring the developing relationships between existing practices and new methods in collaborative digital media education. He co-curate voicesonfilm, an audiovisual research initiative that provides real-world opportunities for learners to engage in academic content creation. Voicesonfilm is also concerned with academic branding, entrepreneurship and engaging in relevant audiovisual debate through the organization of public events. Barnaby’s most recent research activity saw the completion of Lumière Word Cloud (voicesonfilm, 2017), an experiment in contemporary collaborative assessment.

Bernadette Higgins - Lecturer in Computing
Working in the Education sector for over 30 years, Bernadette has extensive experience as a lecturer/teacher and IT trainer in the areas of computer technologies, online learning, Humanities, English Language and Maths. She is also a Moodle Technical Specialist and staff trainer for the online VLE MOODLE in DBS. Bernadette has held the roles of Programme Leader and Subject Leader for the BIS/IT programmes. In addition to her academic role Bernadette has played a central role in the area of staff recruitment, staff mentoring and development in the IT/Computing areas. She was the winner of the ‘Kaplan UK & Ireland Individual Award 2014’, in the ‘Continuous Transformation’ category - a highlight of her career. This was in recognition of her crucial role in driving change in DBS by enabling staff to adapt to change and achieving and accessing government funding for programmes focused on the ICT skills area.
Bernie Lydon - Lecturer in Computing
Bernie has been a lecturer in information systems at Dublin Business School since 2005, having previously worked in industry as an SPSS Consultant and Trainer and in the Financial Services Industry as a Data Analyst. She has a BA Honours Degree in Information Systems Management and won a scholarship to pursue a research Master’s Degree in ‘Consumer Web-Search Behaviour in the Irish Airline Industry’. She has presented her work to an international conference on ‘Human Factors and Web Development’ in Nice and also to ‘Human Computer Interaction International’ (HCII) in Crete.

Brendan  Maguire - Lecturer in Digital Marketing
Experienced digital marketing specialist and consultant with over 15 year’s extensive experience in Digital Marketing.  Previous employers and clients include Coca Cola, the Marketing Institute of Ireland, IT Tallaght, the National College of Ireland, iCommunity, Sureskills Ltd and the Digital Marketing Institute.
Specialise in SEO, Google Adwords (Search, Display and Video), LinkedIn Business Training, Conversion Optimisation and Social Media Marketing. Certified Google AdWords Professional

Claire Dix - Lecturer in Film and Creative Media As an independent filmmaker Claire works in both fiction and documentary film, funded regularly by Screen Ireland and The Arts Council.  Her work has won several national and international awards.  She has lectured in film-making in Dublin Business School for the past 9 years and has also devised and ran several short filmmaking schemes for Huston Film School in NUI Galway, Filmbase and Dublin Community television.  Claire has just been accepted onto the Screen Ireland’s POV scheme.
Conor Murphy  - Lecturer in Film and Creative Media Conor has been deeply involved in filmmaking and film lecturing over the last two decades in Ireland and across Europe.Prior to his current role at DBS, he lectured at UCD and the National College of Art and Design (NCAD), in addition to collaborations with Staffordshire University and University of West of Scotland (UK), as well as the University of Paris 3, La Sorbonne Nouvelle (France).See IMDB link for filmmaking industry credits.(https://www.imdb.com/name/nm3334788/)Since 2014, Conor has been the Editor-in-chief of the Open Access online journal "Studies in Arts and Humanities" (www.sahjournal.com).

Damien Kettl - Lecturer in Computing
Currently lecturing in the IT Department, Damien has strong communication, problem solving and decision-making skills with exemplary listening and interpersonal skills. He is self-motivated, reliable and consistent. Damien enjoys working within a dynamic and challenging environment possessing strategic management skills. Damien sees himself as a motivational manager bringing learners along with him by motivating them to strive forward. In his current position as a lecturer in Information Technology, Damien manages many different modules including developing the OpenStack Cloud platform in DBS and prioritises his workloads to deliver learning objectives accurately, with an enterprising approach to business Information Technology and people management.

Damien Lennon - Lecturer in Arts and Humanities
Damien Lennon is an educator with over 25 years of experience in a variety of academic and practical contexts. He currently specialises in critical media literacies, Irish Studies, communications skills, and academic writing. At DBS he teaches New Media Writing, Writing for College, Irish Life and Cultures and Irish Society and Economics. Beyond Dublin Business School he has taught in various capacities at University College Dublin, HEC Paris, The New School for Social Research, and l'Institut d'études politiques de Paris (Sciences Po). Over the years his work has encompassed broad, intersecting fields such as western intellectual history, modernisms, popular culture, aesthetics, existentialism, phenomenology, language, literacies, and critical skills development. He was a senior teacher/consultant in the pilot 2018 UCD Philosophy in Schools Project (P4C), an innovative programme introducing Irish primary and secondary school pupils to practical and practicable philosophy. Beyond academics he is a published poet, writer, composer, musician and founder-member of improvising music group Zeropunkt, with whom he has an extensive discography and performance history.
Darina Reilly Lecturer in Management Lecturer in Management
Darina Reilly is a Lecturer in Human Resources Development and Organisational Behaviour at Dublin Business School, has consulted in matters of HRD, and People and Performance Management for SMEs and has held several Sales Management and Training Management positions in MNCs in various sectors including Hospitality and ICT. She holds directorships in various organisations. She is a fellow of the Irish Institute of Training and Development. Darina is currently lecturing at Dublin Business School on several undergraduate and postgraduate programmes, on subjects in the Management arena. She is a member of the Teaching, Learning and Assessment committee in DBS.
David  Duff - Lecturer inManagement
David Duff has 25 plus years experience in Retail. Both as store Leadership/Management and a strategic senior project manager responsible for the development, and day to day running of, leadership development programme’s in the retail sector. David is currently a business trainer and lecturer, specialising in the areas of leadership and management development, international strategy, innovation & entrepreneurship and HRM.
David demonstrates a history of working in the education management industry and has researched and developed numerous academic programmes over the last 25 years, from developing level 8 undergraduate to level 9 postgraduate studies in Management and HRM.From an academic perspective David has been facilitating an advanced understanding in learners of general management theoretical and conceptual frameworks in both a domestic and international context-the application of robust academic frameworks for evaluating business policy and practice to create innovative change in a business environment. From both academic and practical settings, David’s work has shed light and insight into key business management issues, emerging trends, training future managers to be in a position to synthesise these elements to diagnose existing problems and formulate high performing work practices and solutions.David worked extensively in both the public and private sector and has over 20 years of lecturing experience and training in both academic and non-academic settings. He’s also worked extensively with newly appointed managers on performance management techniques, coaching and systems transformation.

David  Williams - Academic Director in Computing
An experienced technologist and educator who enjoys educational development, with interests in bridging the gap between technology skills and innovative teaching. David is currently engaged in PhD research in Technology Enhanced Learning with the National College of Ireland and works with multiple academic environments developing and managing courses under QQI, BTEC, SQA, Springboard and Momentum governance. David is also part of the National Forum for the Enhancement of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education as a member of the Ethics Audit Committee. Previously, David has worked with project management and interactive education for corporate network and IT solution providers as well as the world’s largest search engine provider.

Derek Reynolds - Lecturer in Accounting & Finance
Derek has been a lecturer with Dublin Business School for over 10 years. Derek has a keen interest in lecturing to both domestic and international students, lecturing on undergraduate Programmes as well as postgraduate programmes.Derek has lectured on many ACCA courses, including Financial Reporting, Corporate Reporting, Management Accounting, Business and Technology and Taxation.Prior to lecturing on a full-time basis, Derek gained valuable experience in the areas of Investment Banking, Multinational Corporations as well as assisting an indigenous Irish Manufacturing company to grow organically.Derek has been an examiner for many of the on undergraduate and postgraduate programmes as well as a Professional Accountancy Body.Derek’s relaxed approach to class and exam focus has led to students understanding and enjoying the classes. Derek has been recognised by his peers in 2022 receiving a DBS Above and Beyond Award for Student Success.

Donal  Casey - Lecturer in Irish Studies 
Donal Casey has lectured on the Irish Life & Cultures and Irish Society & Economics modules at DBS for over ten years now. Working mainly with students from the United States and mainland Europe, his duties have included accompanying students on co-curricular activities and weekend study tours, as well as visiting partner colleges in the US to give guest lectures and pre-departure orientation talks.He has also taught on EFL and Business English programmes, as well as working as a supervisor on BA final-year Capstone projects.He is a member of the DBS Sustainable Environment Group. He is also a member of the DBS Academic Impropriety Committee.He has worked extensively as a political cartoonist and book illustrator, mainly for Irish language text books and children’s books. He political cartoons have been published regularly in such magazines as Magill, Fórsa Magazine, Work & Life, Magazine and VOX Magazine. He has also created a series of educational cartoons for Teagasc, the Irish the National Agriculture & Food Development Authority. One of his political cartoons was published in the World Union of Cartoonists album 'Donald Trump Through the Eyes of World Cartoonists'. He has taken part in the past three editions of the annual Galway Cartoon Festival.He also participated in a Carnegie Mellon University’s Human-Computer Interactions Institute study about how professional cartoonists create cartoons based on news content and the process used to summarise data in news articles.Irish-language books he has worked on include 'Dhá Chluas Capaill ar Labhraí Loingseach' published by Cló Mhaigh Éo and 'Gníomhachtaí Gasta', which was published by Gaelchultúr.He drew together his academic and artistic interests for the MPhil dissertation he wrote at Trinity College Dublin, which was entitled ‘19th Century Irish Ape Man Cartoons and the Aesthetic of the Grotesque’.His website is www.donalcasey.com

Dr. Dylan Colbert - Dissertation Supervisor in Psychology
Ehtisham H. Yasin - Lecturer in Computing
An experienced technologist and entrepreneur with over 10 years of experience working with bluechip companies and startups.Part-time lecturer teaching Mobile Application Development, Web Application Development and Cloud Technologies at DBS since 2018.

Emma Olohan - Lecturer in Marketing, Events, Digital Technologies, Global Management, Corporate Culture, Sustainability
Emma has over 20 years of experience in sustainability, education, and event management. She has worked with major clients like RTE Choice Music Prize, Compliance Institute, Festival Republic, MCD, and international tourism agencies. A leader in live events, she has helped nonprofits transition to virtual platforms and serves as an Event Consultant and Senior Specialist.As a founding board member and Co-Director of Minding Creative Minds, Emma is a DEI advocate, promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion. She has led strategic projects with a focus on sustainability, compliance, and large-scale event management. She is also an international conference ambassador for Failte Ireland.A part-time lecturer and module author, Emma mentors and advises students in sustainability, event management, and global trade. She has served as an external examiner for climate risk programmes and developed sustainability-themed educational initiatives.Emma holds a Master’s in Arts & Education and certifications in sustainability and event safety. Recognised with awards like the Women in Business Award and the Lord Mayor of Dublin’s recognition for her COVID-19 efforts, she was also a finalist in the Algarve Business Awards for Sustainability Leadership. Her commitment to social and environmental impact makes her a respected leader in her field.

Enda  Murphy-Lecturer in Management and Finance
30 years’ experience in a wide range of senior and leadership positions in Financial Services – Finance, HR, Strategy, e-business, Marketing, Trustee.

Dr. Eugene - Lecturer and Trainer in the Stress Response
Lecturer and Trainer in the Stress response and its use in informing self in the Therapeutic space. Humanistic and Integrative Psychotherapist and clinical Supervisor in private practice (Wicklow Counselling Service).

Dr. Garry  Prentice 
Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Garry Prentice is a chartered psychologist (British Psychological Society), with research experience within the addiction, health, social identity, marketing, learning and quantitative methods areas. In the past, Dr. Garry Prentice has been a consultant researcher with an addiction treatment unit in Northern Ireland, and the Centre for Young Men’s Studies at the University of Ulster. His research consultancy work has included constructing questionnaires suitable for assessment of programme outcomes, setting up of databases, statistical analysis of participant outcomes, and report writing. As part of his consultancy work, Dr. Garry Prentice has also conducted Structural Equation Modelling and Advanced Statistics workshops for various institutions including University of Ulster and Queen’s University Belfast. In his Ph.D., Dr. Garry Prentice specialised in the investigation of risk factors for positive drug attitudes and addictive behaviour. Dr. Garry Prentice has many publications within the addiction, psychology and social research fields, including conference presentations, abstracts, reports and peer-reviewed journal articles. He has also successfully completed an MA in Marketing and associated marketing thesis, which examined the application of service quality assessment techniques in relation to education programmes.
Dr. Gráinne Donohue 
Dissertation Supervisor in Human and Social Sciences
Dr. Gráinne Donohue Ph.D., MA (Psych) has over fifteen years’ experience in the mental health profession as both researcher and clinician. She did an MA in Psychoanalysis (Clinical Specialisation) at DBS before completing her doctoral studies in the School of Medicine and Medical Sciences, UCD, specialising in a psychoanalytic understanding of loss and dementia. She was awarded a research grant from the International Psychoanalytic Association and subsequently became a Research Fellow. She currently works clinically in the area of psychosis and is a qualified psychoanalytic practitioner. She supervises research projects and teaches on postgraduate psychotherapy training across institutions alongside a postdoctoral fellowship at Trinity Centre for Practice and Healthcare Innovation.

Heather Moore Lecturer in Counselling and Psychotherapy
Heather is a practising psychotherapist with 13 years’ experience with adults, adolescents and couples from diverse cultural backgrounds. She works in a humanistic integrative way which focuses on the primacy of the therapeutic relationship. Her background in secondary school teaching has facilitated in practising in a creative way ensuring safety and sensitivity to all ages.

James  Browne Lecturer in Accounting & Finance
James has been with Dublin Business School for over 20 years holding various roles including Head of Department of Accounting & Finance. James has a particular interest in teaching International students and regularly travels overseas as a Visiting Professor at the College’s International Partner Institutions in China and SouthEast Asia.
Prior to lecturing full-time, James gained valuable commercial accountancy experience in a range of roles from public practice to multi-national industry. Since then James has become an expert in his chosen fields of corporate governance, financial reporting and management accounting and has been preparing students for under-graduate, post-graduate and professional accountancy exams for over 20 years. He has authored a Professional Manual in Management Accounting and has himself held roles as an Examiner / Moderator / Senior Moderator for a number of the Professional Accountancy Bodies.
James has a reputation for making difficult topics easy to grasp. His ethos is simple: if you understand the basic principles, then applying these to the exam to achieve success is easy. His classes focus on ensuring each student clearly understands the topic they are studying, why they need to know it and most importantly, how they can use it in the pursuit of academic success.
Jennie  Byrne- Lecturer in Computing
Jennie was part of the first group of graduates from IT Tallaght (RTC Tallaght) in 1996. She also studied Transact SQL in college & got an immediate role with Sybase Ireland based on this. Jennie has 25 years experience mostly in Databases, Data, Information Systems & Solution Delivery. She has always been involved in training within every role.
Jennie worked for many companies including Sybase, AOL, Capita, PM Group and moved to Lecturing part-time in 2018 with DBS.

Dr. John  Hyland Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. John Hyland is a lecturer in psychology at Dublin Business School, and a visiting research fellow in the School of Nursing and Midwifery at Trinity College, Dublin. His teaching centres around Behaviour Science, Research Methodology, Data Analysis and Psychological Ethics. He also serves as a member, and was previously the head, of the DBS Research Ethics Committee, and a member of the DBS Research Ethics Filter Committee. He is a Chartered psychologist with the British Psychological Society (BPS) and also served for six years as a committee member of the Northern Ireland Branch of the BPS. He currently sits on the Editorial Panel for Studies in Arts and Humanities.

John R P Noble Lecturer in Digital Marketing
30 years in Marketing FMCG industry, including Marketing positions with The Coca-Cola Company, C&C Soft Drinks and Unilever Ireland. Founder and Director of four companies, including Food For Living Life with Owner of Cornucopia. Currently run my own e-Commerce Sports business.

Dr. Joseph Lavelle Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Joseph Lavelle is a lecturer in Psychology at Dublin Business School (DBS). His teaching centres around research methodology, data analysis, research ethics, psychological disorders and mental health, and public and community health. He is a member of the Association for Contextual Behavioral Science (ACBS) and sits on the board of the UK & ROI Chapter of ACBS.

Dr. Keith O'Donnel-Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Keith O’Donnell is a lecturer in psychology at Dublin Business School (DBS). Much of his teaching centres around the topics of neuroscience, cognitive science, data analysis, and research design. Keith is also module leader across the BA programme and a final year and MSc thesis supervisor.

Dr. Lee  Richardson Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Lee Richardson is the Data Analytics & Reporting Manager, and Student Engagement & Success Unit Team Lead at Dublin Business School. Lee’s current research interests include assessment and feedback and he is a member of the National Forum - Learning Analytics Advisory Group on Teaching, Learning & Effective Interventions.

Lynn  Monaghan- Lecturer in Accounting and Finance
Lynn Monaghan is an experienced data analyst with 6+ years of experience in ecommerce companies such as Paddy Power and Sky PLC. Lynn started as a junior data analyst in 2011 in Paddy Power and finished three years later as a senior analyst on the customer intelligence team. Following this, she spent a number of years in London working initially as a data analyst for Sky PLC and finished as a revenue manager for their revenue and strategy team.

Martin O’Dea lectures in Management and Human Resource Management at Dublin Business School. His interests include human advancement through technological and biological development. He has written on topics such as the economics of accelerating technologies and the nature of consciousness. He has been involved with organizations such as Advanced Substrate Independent Minds and Terasem Foundation and is involved in a startup Artificial General Intelligence company.
Martina Mc NamaraHuman and Social Sciences Martina Mc NamaraLecturer inCounselling and Psychotherapy
Human and Social Sciences
Lecturer in Counselling and PsychotherapyMartina is an advocate for mental wellness and well-being, and has completed years of extensive training in the field of mental health. She holds an MSc in Psychotherapy from the University of Sheffield, and is an accredited Counsellor/Psychotherapist with the Irish Association for Counselling & Psychotherapy (I.A.C.P.).Martina is an I.A.C.P. accredited Supervisor and provides supervision for professional Counsellors and Psychotherapists.She is a certified Teacher of Mindfulness approaches and is a graduate of the Teacher Training programme at the Institute of Mindfulness Based Approaches (I.M.A.). She teaches mindfulness based stress reduction courses and mindfulness based compassionate living courses.Martina maintains a clinical Psychotherapy practice in Dublin and has extensive experience of working with individuals and couples with a wide range of issues. Her approach is integrative, and she adapts her approach to the specific needs of the person.

Mary  Nolan Lecturer in Computing
Mary Nolan worked for seven years in Industry before starting her career in Education.  She teaches IT Skills based modules on level 6 & 7 programmes and also level 8, 1st year programmes.  Mary has the opportunity to work closely with our student body offering pastoral care support to our undergraduate students.She has taken on the role of Programme Leader for some Springboard programs and her function in DBS is an academic and pastoral care role to support our students.In addition to her academic role, Mary was privileged to be awarded the 2015 'Above and Beyond Student Award' from the DBS student body.  In two consecutive years, 2016 and 2017, she was the winner of the 'Kaplan Way and Spirit of Kaplan in Ireland and the UK'.  This was in recognition of her student support role in encouraging and supporting students in academic support.

Matthew  Nolan Lecturer in Film and Creative Media
Senior Lecturer and Subject Expert in Creative Media Matthew Nolan currently teaches on the Film and Creative Media degrees, manages the creative media production unit along with the Master’s in Creative Media Practice, delivered in partnership with the University of West Scotland.is a Dublin based musician, composer, music curator, and film academic. He was the founder and artistic director of 3epkano from 2004 to 2015, an instrumental music ensemble who specialised in the production of original music for movies from the silent era. Since 2015 he has been commissioned to write new music for Carl Dreyer’s Vampyr,Tod Browning’s Dracula, Andrea Mastrovito’s Nysferatu, Rex Ingram’s The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse, the Weimar classic People on Sunday, and co-composed the score to Night of the Living Dead for a special 50thanniversary screening in 2018.Over the last 10 years, he has been involved in producing new music for several award-winning Irish films including Exile in Hell, Runners, and Somewhere Down the Line.
Matthew has also worked on commissions from and curated programmes with a range of prestigious performing arts institutions and arts organisations, including: Brooklyn Academy of Music in New York, Film Society at Lincoln Centre in New York, Goethe Institut Dublin and New York, Dublin International Film Festival, Kilkenny Arts Festival, Dublin Fringe Festival, National Gallery of Art in Dublin, Bram Stoker Festival, St Patrick’s Festival Dublin, and the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.Here is a list of films that Matthew has been involved in scoring:Roaming (2002, dir. Katie Lincoln)Besieged: The Ned Kelly Story (2004, dir. Barrie Dowdall)Exile in Hell (2007, dir. Barrie Dowdall)Runners (2009, dir./ Rob and Ronan Burke)Somewhere Down the Line (2014, dir. Julien Regnard)I am not Legend (2020, dir. Andrea Mastrovito)The Making of MOLI (2020, dir. Luke McManus)

Michelle  O’Connor Lecturer in Computing
Michelle has worked for almost 20 years for a number of large multinational companies specialising in the Marketing & Sales areas where she held a number of managerial roles before setting up her own IT Training Consultancy company which meets the many varied and changing business needs of today's flexible companies, focusing particularly on the information technology side. Michelle holds a number of professional qualifications among which she is a specialist in Microsoft Applications (MOS Trainer) and has an international Business & Life Coaching qualification. She is an experienced lecturer who lectures on first and second year business programmes.

Miriam  Kavanagh Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
Miriam Kavanagh is a Lecturer in Group Psychotherapy on Higher Diploma in Psychotherapy, Group Supervisor for the Infant Observation Module on MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy and on the Group Process Module on BA, Higher Diploma, and MA in Counselling and Psychotherapy. She holds a MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy from Dublin Business School, a H. Dip in Psychotherapy from UCD, a Postgraduate Diploma in Family Law from the Law Society of Ireland and a BBS degree from Trinity College. She is a member of the Association of Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI), the Irish School for Lacanian Psychoanalysis (ISLP) and the Law Society of Ireland.

Dr. Monika Smatralova Lecturer in Finance
Financial services senior practitioner with expertise in Risk Management.

Niamh  Cullen Lecturer in Marketing
Niamh Cullen teaches undergraduate and postgraduate courses in the School of Business. Her specialities are within Marketing and focuses on areas including Contemporary Consumer Behaviour, Marketing Communications, and Essentials of Marketing. Niamh has a strong interest in researching learning environments and various teaching methods that influence learner motivation and engagement across levels of courses.Her professional experience includes over 9 years teaching in the School of Business while also staying current in industry through marketing consultancy for SMEs.

Obinna  Izima Lecturer in Computing
Obinna Izima has a Bachelor of Engineering degree (2.1) in Electrical / Electronic Engineering from the Federal University of Technology, Owerri, Imo State (FUTO) in Nigeria. He later obtained a Master of Science degree (Distinction) in Information Technology from the University of Aberdeen, Scotland, United Kingdom.Obinna is currently engaged in PhD research with the Communication Network Research Institute at the Technological University Dublin where his primary research focus is on developing machine learning techniques for the prediction and monitoring of Quality of Delivery (QoD) and Quality of Service (QoS) metrics in video delivery networks. His industry work experience spans across Network Engineering, Web Application Development and Specialist Project IT Support in both Oil & Gas Exploration and Production Projects and Real Estate Management.

Dr. Patricia  Frazer Lecturer ininPsychology
My PhD focused on using behavioural analysis to reduce energy use. I have been lecturing in Psychology at Dublin Business School since 2011. I have significant experience in: lecturing on a range of subjects at undergraduate and postgraduate level (including statistics, research methods, mental health and experimental psychology); module development; programme design and evaluation, research and research mentorship. I've recently completed short courses in data analytics, R and python.
My research interests include behaviours with potential to influence climate change, mental health (and related stigma), music, experimental methods and many other areas. I use both qualitative and quantitative research methods and have a developing interest in data science and the R and python programming languages
My research interests include behaviours with potential to influence climate change, mental health (and related stigma), music, experimental methods and many other areas. I use both qualitative and quantitative research methods and have a developing interest in data science and the R and python programming languages

Paul  Halligan Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
Paul is a lecturer on the BA Social Care, BA (Hons) Applied Social Care and BA (Hons) Social Science programmes. Paul has sixteen years experience in lecturing, group facilitation and in practice as a counsellor.   He was also the team leader in developing the BA and BA (Hons) in Applied Social Care programmes.  Having spent the first twenty years of his working life in the retail sector, notably with Clerys department store and Louis Copeland menswear, he studied for a BSc in Psychology with the Open University, graduating with first class honours.  Paul went on to complete a three-year Diploma in Humanistic Counselling graduating in 2002.  During this time, Paul discovered a love of teaching and learning which continues to this day.  Coupled with this, his  work as a counsellor is deeply rewarding.

Dr. Paul  Hollywood Lecturer in Arts Languages & Study Abroad
Paul Hollywood is a graduate of the University of Kent at Canterbury, where he was awarded a Ph.D. in English Literature for his work in nineteenth century political fiction. After graduation, Paul taught English and American Literature at the University of Kent for two years, before moving to London to teach English for the Refugee Council UK, and then to Ireland to teach drama and theatre studies, as an extension of his interests in modernism in literature. He taught at the National University of Ireland, Maynooth from 1998 until 2009 and at DBS from 1999 to the present.

Paul William  McCormack Lecturer inProject Management
Paul is a Qualified Financial Advisor (QFA) and Project Manager located in Dublin-Ireland. With a combined professional experience over 10 years in Corporate Banking and Management Consulting his key skills include project management, financial management, leadership and change management.Paul is a Senior Technology Consultant at Deloitte Ireland and Part-Time Lecturer at Dublin Business School delivering various Project Management modules across the MBA, Degree and Professional Diploma programmes. With experience in project management techniques such as PRINCE2, Agile, PMI and Lean, Paul has a keen interest in change transformation, implementation in the Financial Services Industry.
Paul is an individual who can provide vision, a commitment to delivering cutting-edge analysis, opinions and solutions in a classroom setting.

Dr. Pauline  Hyland Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Pauline Hyland is a lecturer in Psychology at Dublin Business School for over twelve years and a visiting research fellow in the School of Nursing and Midwifery at Trinity College, Dublin. She is also a member of the DBS Research Ethics Committee and the Chair of the DBS Psychology Research Ethics Filter Committee and the Head of Undergraduate Research in Psychology at DBS. Her Ph.D. focused on some of the predictive factors and outcomes of involvement in traditional and cyberbullying, specifically the ‘dark triad’ (Narcissism, Machiavellianism and Psychopathy) of personality, mental health, social support, self-efficacy and coping. Her teaching centres on research methods and analysis, quantitative and qualitative analysis and project support. She is also an editorial board member of Studies in Arts and Humanities Journal.

Dr. Piotr  Sadowski Lecturer in Arts, Languages & Study Abroad
Born in Poland, Dr. Sadowski has lived in Ireland since 1991, where he taught at Trinity College Dublin, University College Dublin, American College Dublin, and Dublin Business School. Dr. Sadowski is married, with two grown-up sons. His hobbies include reading history and popular science books, photography and filmmaking, hill-walking during the summer and cross-country skiing in the winter.

Dr. Rosie  Reid Academic Director in Human and Social Sciences
After completing her undergraduate degree in Applied Psychology in the University of Ulster, Dr. Rosie Reid received her Doctorate in Behavioural Neuroscience and Psychology in 2004. The focus of her research was the restoration of neural development in a model of Congenital Hypothyroidism. Her other research interests included the neurophysiology and treatment of Alzheimer's Disease, and the role of brain opioids in feeding behaviours.

Dr. Shahram Azizi Sazi Lecturer in Computing
Dr. Shahram is an IT and AI lecturer and senior researcher in Dublin Business School (DBS). He received his PhD in Data and Knowledge Processing from Trinity College Dublin in 2017, which was funded by Science Foundation Ireland and LERO. Dr. Shahram received his MSc in Mathematical Statistics from University of Tehran, Iran, in 2009 and his BSc in Statistics from Razi University, Kermanshah, Iran in 2006. He worked as a postdoctoral researcher at HPC group at UCD, from 2017-18. He has also designed and developed various AI-based applications in different Business domains such as Health care sector, Transportation, Energy, Telecom from 2017-19. His current research focus is on designing, developing and deploying different types of AI-based applications using Statistical learning, Machine learning and Deep learning algorithms. Dr. Shahram is also interested in hybrid deep learning models for signal and video processing, Big Data and MAS.

Dr. Shakeel  Siddiqui Lecturer inMarketing
Dr. Shakeel Siddiqui PhD is an established academician and author, and has been associated with DBS for over ten years. During his PhD, he was a recipient of Bank of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship at DCU, where he researched and published in the area of Digital Consumer Behaviour, and later taught postgraduate modules in Marketing and Consumer Behaviour (2003-2008). Over the years, Dr. Siddiqui has acquired diverse professional and academic qualifications and has worked in a variety of industries. In his previous careers, Dr. Siddiqui managed the innovation and marketing division of a technology multinational, Project managed a large telecommunications project, taught in an engineering university, designed and built light aircraft, and conducted original research in the area of Aerospace Engineering.

Sharon  Sheehan Lecturer in Law
Sharon Sheehan has been lecturing at Dublin Business School since 1997. Amongst her other teaching workload, Sharon teaches Paper F4 Corporate and Business Law for the ACCA and her students have been placed first, second and third in Ireland in previous exam diets. Sharon is also the examiner for Chartered Accountants Ireland – Law for Accountants, Accounting Technicians Ireland – Law and Ethics, and Certified Public Accountants Ireland – Corporate Laws and Governance. She teaches at Masters level in Employment Law with the IPA and has written an employment law manual, as well as providing technical proof on textbooks such as A Guide to Being a Company Director, and An Introduction to Business Law.

Dr. Shazia A Afzal has an MSc in Mathematics from University of Punjab, Pakistan. She also obtained a Higher Diploma in Computer Science in 1998 and a PhD in 2006 from National University of Ireland. During her PhD, she worked as part of the Intelligent Information Retrieval research group in UCD. Her research interests include machine learning, information retrieval, XML mark-up and natural language processing; she has published a number of research papers and a book chapter in these areas. She received a best paper award for one of her research papers in the session Information Retrieval in 7th World Multi-Conference on Systemics, Cybernetics and Informatics (SCI 2003). She has been with the IT department, Dublin Business School (DBS) since 2007. In DBS, she teaches several undergraduate and postgraduate modules and performs several academic duties such as dissertation and project supervisor for postgraduate students. Dr. Shazia is also the Subject Expert in Computing.

Stephen  Henderson Lecturer in Journalism
Stephen joined DBS in 2007. He previously lectured with the Open University, and in the Further Education sector. Stephen’s teaching draws on - and develops - his research interests and experience. He has taught on a number of modules and degree programmes in the College including the BA (Hons) in Journalism and the BA (Hons) in Media and Cultural Studies. Alongside this teaching he has also supervised a number of undergraduate dissertations on a range of topics including: social media and journalism; celebrity culture; film genres; body image and the media; gender. He has just completed his second MA in Politics and International Relations at UCD where he completed a thesis on Humanitarian Intervention.

Vanessa  Hogarty - Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
A highly skilled researcher in the field of active labour market policies involving higher education. Vanessa Hogarty is a full-time lecturer at Dublin Business School on the Social Science/Studies programmes. The modules on which she teaches include Social Policy, Quantitative analysis using SPSS, Qualitative analysis using Nvivo, Sociology of Ireland, and Employability modules. Vanessa has a special interest in teaching methods for online learning in higher education and locating 'grey literature' for research purposes. Vanessa Hogarty is also the Subject Expert in Social Sciences.


Contact us related data 
Our admissions team can answer all of your questions about DBS and support you throughout the admissions process. They are available to provide personalised advice over the phone Monday-Friday 8.45am-5.15pm (except bank holidays and Easter and Christmas vacations) or you can email anytime.
Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
All Non EU overseas international students need to send their application to:
International Department Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
For specific queries please e-mail the appropriate department as detailed below:
Accounts / Finance Office:[email protected]International Office:[email protected]Professional School:[email protected]Registrar's Office:[email protected]Careers & Appointments Services:[email protected]Library:[email protected]Exams Office:[email protected]European Office:[email protected]Student Services:[email protected]
Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any of the information on these web pages. While every effort has been made to ensure the information contained on this site is correct, the college is not liable for any errors or omissions.

​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
A mere two minute walk from St. Stephens Green, the Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street, George's Street and Balfe Street are all within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city.Buses servicing Aungier Street directly are 9, 16, 65, 65b, 68, 68a or 83. AllBus,DART,LuasandRailroutes service the city centre with terminals close to the College.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We will send you our prospectus via email based on your enquiry. Would you also like to receive a physical copy of the prospectus in the mail?
I would also like to receive a copy of the prospectus in the post
The information provided will be retained by DBS for use in connection with your course of study at Dublin Business School. Would you like to hear more about open events and other related information/programmes?
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We welcome students from around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Dublin City.
We welcome students from all around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
We welcome students from Europe to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
DBS offers a 16 week programme for US students who want to know more about Ireland
Programmes for International Students
Information on Ireland
US Study Abroad | Programmes

DBS student Ibla from Germany shares her journey at DBS. Ibla was awarded Student of the Year at the Graduation.
DBS student Tobias from Germany shares his experience at DBS, highlighting how the variety of modules helped him discover his career path.
DBS student Luisa from Germany shares her experience at DBS, highlighting academic support services that have made a difference in her studies.
DBS student Clara from France shares her experience at DBS and what she likes most about Dublin.
DBS student Roos from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS and shares some great advice for new students.
DBS student Betty from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS, highlighting how the course’s practical approach helped her apply classroom learning to real-world experiences.

DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
European students have two options when deciding to study a semester at Dublin BusinessSchool. Each option is available in both the Spring (January) and Winter (September)semester.
Option A - Undergraduate Semester Abroad or Postgraduate Semester Abroad (30 ECTS)
Students can choose a selection of modules from all programmes offered at DBS at bothBachelor and Masters level. This option allows you the flexibility to build on your currentknowledge in your field of study but also gives you the opportunity of studying somethingnew. Subject areas include Business, Marketing, Arts, Journalism, Psychology, SocialScience, Computing and Accountancy. You can study up to 30 ECTS.
Option B - Certificate in Global Business
For students who prefer to study a more specialised semester, they can choose to study the Certificate in Global Business, a Level 7 state-accredited certificate programme, and receive an internationally recognised certificate award in one semester. The Certificate in Global Business, is accredited by the Irish government body Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI) and is worth 30 ECTS credits. You will study five core modules, along with having the flexibility of choosing one elective course. To view full course information for the Certificate in Global Business,click here.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Dublin Business School promotes opportunities for transfer and progression by European students onto one of our year-long programmes. Students may choose to study on one of our Bachelor/Masters degrees and graduate with a state-accredited, internationally recognised degree. Alternatively, students have the opportunity to join us to study a range of modules over one academic year allowing students’ greater flexibility to choose modules they wish to study.
European students may have the opportunity to join the final year (Year 3) of a bachelor programme (in Ireland full-time bachelor programmes are typically three years duration) and receive the bachelor award if they meet the prerequisite entry requirements of the programme. This is a very popular option with students from our European partner schools and will provide students with a very attractive qualification when they enter the job market. Bachelor programmes are offered in our Winter and Spring intake (subject to demand). Students can choose from a wide range of bachelor programmes offered at Dublin Business School subject to meeting the entry requirements.See all Undergraduate programmes here.
Students with appropriate qualifications that meet the entry requirements can also apply tojoin a Master’s programme at Dublin Business School. In Ireland full-time Mastersprogrammes are typically one-year duration.See all Postgraduate programmes here.
Year-Long Academic Programme
Students who wish to have greater flexibility to choose the modules they would like to study for one year can join our year-long academic programme (60 ECTS). Our year-long academic programme is available to students in the September intake only.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The first step is to consult with the International Office in your school as they may organise the application process with DBS and will send your documents on your behalf. If your International Office does not have a partnership with DBS and you wish to apply as a ‘free mover’, please submit your application directly to our European admissions team at[email protected].
Application documents:
[1] Please complete the European Application FormDownload the PDFand type answers using a keyboard.One Semester options:• Undergraduate Semester programme - 30 ECTS• Certificate in Global Business (QQI award) - 30 ECTS• Postgraduate Semester programme - 30 ECTSFull Academic Year options:Please indicate year of entry to DBS and include the name (and stream if relevant of the DBS programme)• Ordinary Bachelor Degree - Level 7• Bachelor of Arts, Honours Degree - Level 8• Postgraduate Degree - Level 9• Year-Long Semester Abroad - 60 ECTS[2] A copy of Passport or National ID Card[3] Evidence of English Language ProficiencyFor applicants whose first language is not English, you must provide an internationally recognised English language test score (e.g. B2+ for CEFRL, 6.0 for IELTS, 105 for Duolingo, B2+ for Cambridge English (ESOL Level 2), 76 for TOEFL IBT and 52-57 for PTE).English proficiency exams must be dated within the last 2 years.Please check under the individual programme requirements for any specific variance inentry requirements.
[4] Official Degree Transcripts for each year and each semester to dateTranslation is required for documentation and transcripts not produced in English.If you are applying directly you can email your documents to[email protected]or post them to:European Admissions Department,Dublin Business School,13-14 Aungier Street,Dublin 2.The Admissions team will review your application and notify you of their decision. If you are offered a place, in order to formally accept it you will need to sign the offer letter.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The DBS campuses are all located in central Dublin, with extensive transport links to the greater Dublin area. We aim to help students to find accommodation within this area.
If you are successful in securing a place to study at Dublin Business School you will find our Accommodation Guide useful.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Tuition fees for European students applying for entry in either our Winter or Spring semester are listed below:Tuition fees for undergraduate semester  = €3,050
Tuition fees for certificate programmes (30 ECTS) = €3,050
Tuition fees for postgraduate semester = €4,450Tuition fees for year long undergraduate academic programmes (including Bachelor's degree) = from €6,060Tuition fees for Postgraduate programmes = Our Masters fees vary in price. Therefore, please refer to the fees section on the programme page of our websiteSee a full list of EU fees
Europe Admissions TeamDublin Business School13/14 Aungier St.Dublin 2IrelandT: +353 1 417 7500E:[email protected]
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Drop in Advice Sessions
We offer free drop in advice sessions to offer you career advice and guidance to ensure you make the right decision. You can drop in to our Aungier Street building, Monday - Friday from 8.45 - 17.15, and a member of our admissions team would be delighted to discuss the various study options available to you.
The Admissions OfficeDublin Business School13/14 Aungier StreetDublin 2, IrelandT: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]Our Admissions Team opening hours are 8.45am – 5.15pm, Monday – Friday. We look forward to welcoming you.
Connect with us on social media
Like 'Dublin Business School' on Facebook.
Follow@dbscollegeon Twitter.
JoinDBScollegeon Instagram.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL

Accounting and Finance provide a critical backbone for almost every business.In DBS, we cover every area of the spectrum of Financial Services.
Studying arts at DBS will develop your skills in different disciplines such as Humanities, Psychology, Media Studies, Film, Literature and Drama.
Find out more about our specialised areas in Business such as Administration, Marketing, Management, Human Resources and Information Systems.
We offer a broad range of courses in Counselling & Psychotherapy. Choose from full & part-time courses & get a qualification that you can build a career with.
We cover the most popular technological areas in Business Information Systems, Cloud Computing, Internet Marketing and Web Design.
If you are interested in following a career in law, our courses include Legal & Business Studies, Business Law, LL.B in Irish Law. At DBS, we have a reputation for excellence in Law.
Open up the world of marketing, advertising and event management. We will give you all the industry insights, practical experience and thought-leadership.
The world of media and journalism are driven by the spread of digital technology and social media. We cover courses in Film, Literature, Drama, Journalism and Cultural Studies.
DBS is one of Ireland's leading colleges to study professional accountancy. Our reputation is built on having selected academics with over 15 years of experience.
Learn about numerous fascinating study areas, from behavioural science to cognitive development to social policy development, social work and research.
DBS OnDemand is specifically designed for online learning. It gives you the best of both worlds, combining the structure of a tutor-led course with the flexibility to start studying anytime, anywhere.

DBS Library Related Information
Monday to Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 - 5:00pmAll HOURS
Monday to Friday 9:00am - 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 - 5:00pm
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.LOG A TICKET
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.
All the information you need about how to use the library and more. LEARN MORE
All the information you need about how to use the library and more.
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions. WORKSHOPS LIST
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions.
DBS Library has a variety of tailored resources for all types of users and needs.
Click below to find out more:
As the days grow longer, our opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday, 9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
As the days grow longer, our opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday, 9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
Best Library Team 2025
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 31, 2025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 31, 2025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Library, in partnership with DBS Spark, is showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
DBS Library, in partnership with DBS Spark, is showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
Institutional repository
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Subscribe to our library blog.
Keep up with the latest library news!


DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL 13/14 Angier Street, Dublin 2,D02 WC04,Ireland.T: +353 1 417 7500E:admissions@dbs.ieDBS is part of KAPLAN INC. Provider of Education Services
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk.
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Angier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
In this guide, you will find key information for all Library users. Library staff are available in person and online to help with any of your queries.
DBS Library and Academic Hub is an innovative and modern information and library service staffed by professionally qualified library personnel. The Library service occupies the 2nd floor of the Aungier Street building. In addition to quiet study space and extensive opening hours, the Library is fully Wi-Fi enabled with open seating in our reading room. We also have an extensive online library comprising online databases and e-books which can be accessed 24 hours a day on or off campus.As librarians we know that navigating today’s information world can be confusing and intimidating, so we offer a programme of classes on searching for information, essay writing and more that are tailored to your needs, including one to one support for information seeking, essay writing and dissertation preparation. Our approachable and friendly staff are always on hand to answer any questions that you have throughout your studies.
A post shared by DBS Library (@dbs.library)
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk 4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
This guide contains all important information that faculty need to know about DBS Library.
DBS Library works with teaching departments in the college to make sure your teaching and research needs are met. If you have any questions or would like more information please do not hesitate to contact us
Resources for Students
DBS Library is located on the second floor of the Aungier Street Building.
There's two ways to access the library's resources:
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Through the library, you can access a vast collection of books, ebooks, databases, case studies, as well as past exam papers.See information on each of them below.
How do I login?You can use your Moodle login to access library resources and databases.
BooksDBS Library has a print collection of over 40,000 items covering all subject areas.  The print collection is comprised of a Reference Collection and a Main Lending Collection. Loan types for books in the Main Lending Collection include 3-day loan, 1-week loan and 2-week loan.
To renew books via your library account please clickhere.Your can log in your using Moodle login details.
eBooksThe Library provides access to over 30,000 eBook titles across a number of platforms. This collection is continually expanding.
Search for books and eBooks using the catalogue search box below
The Library provides access to library databases across a wide range of subject areas to support teaching, learning and research at DBS. The databases contain a large portfolio of reports, case studies, journal articles, newspaper articles and much more.
EBSCO Discovery search
Material from the databases can be searched using a single search called EBSCO Discovery search.
Search for articles and more using the EBSCO Discovery search box below
Alternatively, to find a particular database you can use the A-Z database list. This guide provides access to each individual database and a short description of the material contained in each resource.
Search for a particular database using the A-Z database list search box below
Detailed information on how to search the databases can be foundhere
Sage Business Casesis a collection of more than 6000 cases from over 120 countries on a wide range of industries.
Faculty and students can access Sage Business Cases using their Moodle login details.
Additionally, faculty can access instructor notes. Faculty should first login with their Moodle login details and then set up a profile for themselves. Once this process is complete, they will need to contact the library and we will provide them with an instructor code to access additional content including instructor notes.
When using cases, faculty should follow guidance provided by the Learning Unithere.
Details about locating past exam papers can be foundhere.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Reading lists are available in the Module Reading List link in the Module Information block as shown below. This will link to the online reading list for that particular module.
The online reading lists for your modules may contain books and online resources such as eBooks, journal articles, journal titles, websites, etc.
Clicking on a book title on an online reading list will show real-time availability and location in the library (classmark).
Any e-resource links will link directly to eBooks and other online resources when these are available.
For more information on developing or updating a reading list please consult theLibrary's guides for faculty
NotePlease check the module reading list link in each of your modules as soon as possible and email ouracquisition librarian.
Note that orders can take 2-6 weeks so let us know any changes to your lists early to ensure students have access to the necessary material.
If the book or subject area you are looking for is not covered in our print or eBook collections, you can suggest new titles by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Alternatively, you can add your suggestion via yourlibrary account.This way you will automatically receive emails as the suggestion is accepted/rejected, ordered and received. You will also be able to see the status of a suggestion on your library account.
Some publishers make inspection copies of their textbooks available to lecturers. An inspection copy may usually be retained by the lecturer if it is adopted for a course.
Further details can be obtained by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Note Faculty must contact the publisher themselves to request an inspection copy.The procedures and conditions to request inspection copies may vary from one publisher to another.
Check out some of the latest library's acquisitions related to teaching.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Besides offering resources and helping you prepare for teaching, the library also frequently runs workshops to support faculty and students.
The Library workshops aim to ensure that all DBS students will have necessary information literacy skills to succeed in their academic work, in the workplace and beyond.
The topics covered in our workshops include:
The library workshop pageprovides full details of the workshops the library offers.
Research shows that there is a positive correlation between these types of information literacy instruction and student success (ACRL,2017).
DBS Library has adapted a new Information Literacy Model to inform its information literacy practice. This model is called the Framework for Information in Higher Education developed by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL). This model reflects the needs of students in a rapidly changing information landscape where students are both creators and consumers of information. This model emphasizes the key importance of behaviors like self reflection and self direction learning in the learning environment.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
These library guides have been created by our IL and Research Team in support of student and faculty research activities:
The DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is an international open access journal that accepts submissions from researchers, students, and practitioners both within the DBS community and externally from all disciplines.
Check out ourDBS Library Press Guideto learn more about how to get your work published.
If you would like to see all issues of the journal, visit theDBS Applied Research Journal website.
TheDBS Institutional Repository(eSource) hosts articles, final-year projects, theses, conference papers, book chapters and more, all produced by DBS staff and students. Having your work available and easily accessible online is a great way to elevate your academic and professional profile.
The library highly encourages staff submissions, and all information on our guides and polices can be found on oureSource guide.
If you have any questions, please reach out to theResearch Librarianorbook a one-to-one appointment.
If you have any research related inquires you can book a one-to-one meeting with the Research Librarian by clicking the button below.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub 2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
The Learning Unit (LU)at DBS, staffed by Bernadette Higgins (Senior Educational Developer) and Sylwia Plucisz (Educational Developer) plays a pivotal role in supporting academic management and advancing teaching and learning. Our mission is to promote excellence, foster innovation, and enhance collaboration across all areas of education.
Our core objectives include providing Continuous Professional Development (CPD) for faculty helping them to design and implement evidence-based, pedagogically sound learning, teaching and assessment strategies.
LU primarily supports lecturing faculty but also offers resources and training to other learner support staff. We host drop-in "Ask Me Anything" (AMA) sessions for personalised advice, alongside a range of self-service resources such as video tutorials, CPD lessons, and instructional guides. We also guide new faculty members through all DBS Learning Technologies and support their journey towards earning professional badges by completing DBS Module Pathway OnDemand lessons.
LU works alongside other departments in DBS such as SESU, Exams, Academic Operations, Registrar, Library, IT, Content Production and Student Experience to ensure that faculty training is informed by all areas of the DBS Learning Ecosystem.
Beyond internal support, LU offers faculty the chance to pursue the Advance HE Fellowship in Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. We also promote external development opportunities, such as AHEAD UDL badges and other professional HE badges provided by the National Forum.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
Use our online tool to book study rooms in the library.
Book a 1-1 Consultation
Meet one on one with one of our experts and get help with your research, assignment planning, and academic writing.
Upcoming Library and Academic Support Workshops
Time Zone:
    UK, Ireland, Lisbon Time
            (change)
Select a Library or Academic Support calendar to see what's available.
Need more help? Get in contact with us here!
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2, Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platform, the system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In addition, your IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library content, and the information is not shared with any third parties.

Students News Page.


The CAO (Central Applications Office) process is important not just to students, but to other members of the family too. Unfortunately, some parents can feel left out of this process. Additionally, they may not have experience with the online CAO system. So, here’s a guide to the CAO aimed at parents and guardians. Hopefully this will help not just with the process itself, but as a guide on what to talk about and how to discuss this process.In this post, we will be using the phrase ‘parent’, but of course, this advice is applicable to anyone who’s a carer for someone of Leaving Certificate age, whether you’re a stepparent, foster parent, carer or relative.
When talking to Leaving Cert students about college courses, look at it from as many angles as possible.
1. Favourite subjects
Talk to them about their preferred subjects and favourite parts of school. Note, this doesn’t necessarily mean the subjects they get the highest grades in!
2. Personal interests
What are their strengths and talents? What are their hobbies? And are any of them relevant to a future career? For instance, if they’re captain of a team, management might be an option. Maybe they’ve shown an entrepreneurial flair already, in which case business could be the route for them. Or they are empathetic and interested in human rights and justice, which might point to a career in the psychology, law, charity/NGO, or nonprofit sector.
3. Previous work experience
By the time the student is filling out the CAO form, they might have had work experience in TY (transition year) or in a summer or part time job. This might give them a steer in what they like, or dislike, about working life.
Find and browse a college prospectus for any college that’s under consideration. A prospectus usually contains information about the institution and the available courses, including minimum requirements for courses, student experience opportunities, and other support services available to students.
Read the prospectus for information about the different courses, modules and subjects, especially for the first year, to see if the subjects or college are a good fit. For example, are they more suited to practical assignments or academic learning? Also, are there any subjects in the course that might prove especially challenging?
Encourage the student to pick up information at school’s career fairs, and events such as Higher Options in the RDS. Also, don’t forget to register for events, such asDBS’s open events.
5. Routes to the course
Maybe most important, but a piece of advice often ignored: List courses in order of preference, not in order of point requirements. In other words, the most-preferred choice should be what’s top of the list.
It’s not just academic talent and preferences that decide on a CAO course. Other factors include:
Minimum entry requirements (for example,here are the minimum requirements for DBS)
Job market in relation to the qualification earned
Other routes: It’s worth examining whether or not there are routes to the course beyond the traditional Leaving Certificate points race. Some diploma courses can then lead to degree courses, for instance.
One aspect of CAO application that can slip through the net is deadlines. There’s no shortage of key dates, so parents and students alike should keep a calendar or diary of key dates.
For the most up-to-date important CAO dates, please visit theCAO website.
The CAO will be in regular contact with students throughout this process, so it’s helpful to be aware in advance of the important emails that will be winging their way to the applicant’s inbox. The student will receive regular correspondence throughout the application stage. Make sure to remind the student about these emails regularly, and when they arrive, to collectively and thoroughly read these emails, and especially to notify CAO immediately if you spot any errors or omissions.
Application number email
This is the first correspondence applicants will get from CAO, and a pretty important one. They should receive it immediately after applying online. The automated e-mail will have the applicant’s application number, an e-mail verification code and the application details. Remind applicants to write down their CAO application number and keep it somewhere safe and easy to find, as it will be needed for future correspondence.
Statement of Application Record
Before June (probably before the end of May) every applicant should receive a Statement of Application Record. This is a significant email, giving the applicant the chance to review their account information, and correct it if an error slipped through.
Offer Notification/Statement of Application Record
(August or earlier) - At this stage, hopefully, the prospective student will get notification of an offer, or a Statement of Application. A statement of application means they didn’t get an offer in this round.Make sure that the applicant checks that all the information the CAO has on file is correct.If they get an offer notification, this means that they are entitled to a place on one of their Level 8 or Level 7/6 courses (or possibly both).
Let’s look at this from two angles. Firstly, the emotional one. Don’t panic if they don’t get their first choice straight away. The second choice might be just as good, or you can wait until the second round of offers.
If they do accept an offer, it’s vital that they accept the offer (online) by the reply date given.
If they are in the fortunate position of having an offer from both lists, they have to choose between them.
Accepting a round one offer doesn’t stop students from getting offers in later rounds. If they accept a new offer, they must inform the HEI. The new offer automatically cancels the previous one.
The best way to contact CAO is via theCAO website. For urgent enquiries, they are also contactable at 091 509800. However, as you might expect, it can be hard to get through at busy times of the year, so online correspondence is recommended in most circumstances.
How to fill in the CAO
Changing Your Mind on Your CAO Form: A Step-by-Step Guide for Applicants
AndDBS has several courses across a range of disciplines. Nothing beats visiting a college campus in person, and you can find a wealth of information at one of ouropen events.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
Deciding on your future can feel overwhelming, and it’s completely normal to have second thoughts about your CAO course choices. Perhaps you’ve discovered a new passion, received updated career advice, or simply want to explore different options. The good news?
The CAO Change of Mind process allows you to update your course preferences, ensuring you make the best possible decision for your future.
If you submitted your initialCAO applicationby the February 1st deadline, you can modify your choices within the designated Change of Mind period. This guide will walk you through the entire process, covering key dates, step-by-step instructions, common concerns, and expert tips to help you make informed decisions.
The CAO Change of Mind process is a facility that allows applicants to amend their course selections after their initial submission. This option is particularly beneficial if you’ve had a change in interests, achieved different grades than expected, or received new insights about your chosen career path.
To be eligible, you must have submitted an initial CAO application by February 1st. If you meet this requirement, you can adjust your choices as many times as you wish within the Change of Mind period—completely free of charge.
Understanding the key dates for the Change of Mind process is essential to ensure you don’t miss out on making adjustments. The process operates within a set timeframe each year:
Start Date:The Change of Mind facility typically opens in early May, allowing students to begin changing their course choices.
End Date:The final deadline for submitting any changes isJuly 1st at 5 PM. After this point, no further modifications can be made.
Updating your CAO choices is a straightforward process. Follow these steps to ensure your changes are recorded correctly:
Log in to your CAO account Visit theCAO websiteand enter your login details under the ‘My Application’ section.
Navigate to the Change of Mind section Once logged in, find the ‘Change of Mind’ facility, where you will be able to view your current course selections.
Update your courses You can add, remove, or reorder courses as needed. It’s important to list them in your genuine order of preference—placing your most desired course first.
Save your changes Click ‘Continue with course changes’ to confirm your updates. Ensure you review all selections before continuing.
Verify your changes After submission, you should receive an acknowledgement email from CAO. Double-check this email to confirm that all modifications have been recorded correctly.
Can I add new courses?
Yes, the CAO Change of Mind facility allows you to add new courses, remove existing ones or reorder your preferences. Explore yourCAO course options at DBS.
What if I miss the deadline?
Missing the July 1st deadline means you will not be able to make any further changes. Your most recent selections before the deadline will be the final ones considered for admission.
Will changing my mind affect my chances of getting an offer?
No, your order of preference is what matters most. CAO processes applications based on the highest course preference for which you meet the entry requirements. If you qualify for multiple courses, you will only receive an offer for the highest-listed course on your list.
If you’re thinking of making changes to your course choices, consider the following:
Evaluate your interests and strengths: Think about what subjects you enjoy and where your skills lie. Choosing a course that aligns with your interests will make your studies more fulfilling.
Research thoroughly: Look into course content, career prospects, and points requirements. Check university websites, attend open days, or speak with current students.
Seek advice: Guidance counsellors, teachers, and even current students can offer valuable insights into course suitability and career paths.
Consider practical factors: Financial implications, travel, and accommodation should also play a role in your decision-making process.
Making the right changes is important, but so is avoiding common pitfalls. Here are some mistakes to steer clear of:
Missing the deadline: Ensure you finalise changes before July 1st at 5 PM.
Forgetting to save changes: Always confirm that your changes have been saved correctly.
Not checking points requirements: Some courses have high points thresholds, so make sure you meet the entry criteria before adding them.
Following peer pressure: Choose courses based on your personal interests and goals, rather than what friends are selecting.
If you need further guidance, there are plenty of resources available to help:
CAO Change of Mind page– The official CAO resource with full details on the process.
CAO Support – Contact the CAO directly if you experience any issues.
Guidance Counsellors – Many schools offer one-on-one guidance sessions to help you make an informed decision.
If you have selected DBS as one of your options and have any questions, please get in touch with our Admissions Team at[email protected]or 01 417 7500
1. How many times can I change my course choices?You can make as many changes as you like within the Change of Mind period at no additional cost.
2. Will I receive confirmation of my changes?Yes, after submitting changes, an acknowledgement email will be sent to your registered email address. Always verify the details to ensure accuracy.
The CAO Change of Mind process is designed to give you flexibility, allowing you to make the best decision for your future. Take your time, seek advice, and remember—this is your journey. Use this opportunity wisely, and don’t hesitate to reach out for guidance if you need it.
Do you have more questions about the CAO Change of Mind process? Explore our other CAO resources or reach out to our Admissions Team at[email protected]for personalised guidance. Making the right choice today can shape your future success!
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
DBS has become the first independent higher education institution (HEI) to complete the CINNTE review process - an institution-wide review process – which assesses and reports on the effectiveness of internal quality assurance systems.
Through its CINNTE cycle of reviews, QQI assesses and reports on how effectively HEIs are maintaining and enhancing quality in education. The reviews explore how institutions have improved their teaching, learning and research systems, and how well institutions have aligned with their own mission, quality indicators and benchmarks.
Anindependent teamof national and international experts completed a comprehensive review of the effectiveness of the QA system in DBS, recognising instances of good practice which deliver impact for students and staff, and making recommendations on areas for improvement.
See the review report published by QQI.
DBS was recognised for its activities in a number of areas including:
Its approach to creating a sense of community for all students and a cultureof collegiality wherein staff and students are responsive to each other and the staff in particular take pride in advancing a student-centred ethos.
Its commitment to continuous improvement and to developing a quality culture across the entire organisation through self-reflection, collaboration and inclusive approaches.
Its multi-layered approach to identifying areas for improvement at programme level which when aggregated can affect systematic change under particular themes at discipline level.
The dedication and enthusiasm of the ASC staff and the comprehensive structure of supports throughout the student journey, including library support for both students and teachers.
The comprehensive validation process in DBS that includes a wide range of stakeholders who are encouraged to engage fully in the programme development and decision-making processes thus fostering greater transparency and inclusiveness.
Speaking on the publication of the report, Professor Sander Svaeri, Rector at Oslo New University College, Norway, who chaired the DBS review team said,
“DBS did an outstanding job hosting the committee; they were well prepared and professional. When meeting representatives from each section, it was evident that quality practices and preparations for the visit were rooted throughout the entire organisation. The review team was especially impressed by DBS's ability in advancing a student-centred culture. It was obvious to us that they take pride in caring for the students' learning and well-being. We could also see a quality culture focused on paying attention to and continuously improving different aspects of quality throughout the institution.”
Responding to the publication of the report, Tim Bicknell, President of DBS said,
"DBS is delighted to see the publication of the QQI CINNTE report. The process was constructive, searching and enabled a highly valuable process of self-reflection. That process has enabled DBS to strengthen further in our absolute commitment to our students, their journey through DBS and beyond and quality in all aspects of teaching, learning and assessment. The review also reinforced the value being generated by the strong governance framework we have in place locally through our Board and internationally through our parent, Kaplan. We are in a strong place as we celebrate our 50th anniversary in 2025 and look to grow further in Ireland and abroad. The review team's observation that we are "creating a quality culture with faculty and staff who care for their students" was heartening to see. That focus sits at the heart of our culture.
I would like to thank the panel for the positive approach they took and the insights they generated through their approach. Many thanks to QQI too who have guided us constructively through this process. I would also like to thank the entire DBS team who engaged professionally and with genuine pride throughout the process.”
Finally, Dr Padraig Walsh commended DBS on its engagement with the Cinnte review process, remarking,
“QQI's CINNTE review cycle plays a crucial role in ensuring and overseeing the quality of higher education in Ireland. The publication of this report is an important milestone for the larger independent/private higher education institutions as they are now included in the cycle of institutional reviews. QQI welcomes the findings of the review team highlighting DBS’s student-centred ethos, their approach to creating a sense of community and commitment to continuous improvement of the quality culture across the organisation. Equally, the report outlines recommendations which will help DBS to further strengthen its education offerings and continue to deliver high-quality outcomes for all its students.”DBS CINNTE Quality Review Profile 2025
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
Athena SWAN, established by the UK Equality Challenge Unit in 2005, is an internationally recognised framework and accreditation scheme. It celebrates best practices in promoting gender equality across higher education and research institutions.
The Bronze Award is not just a recognition, it is a commitment. As part of this award, we have developed an ambitious 58 item action plan, which we will implement over the next four years to further embed gender equality across all levels of our institution. This award will be valid until November 2029.
This significant milestone reflects our deep commitment to advancing gender equality and fostering a culture of representation, progression, and success across our institution. This achievement is a testament to the unwavering dedication and hard work of our Self-Assessment Team and the broader commitment of our staff and students to creating an equitable and inclusive environment.
We are profoundly grateful for everyone’s contributions that made this possible. Together, we can build an even stronger, more inclusive community at DBS.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
DBS has partnered with Hidden Disabilities Sunflower to become the first educational institution in Ireland to formally recognise the Sunflower
Demonstrating support to those with non-visible disabilities is part of the DBS’s ambition to make everyone feel comfortable and accepted here
The Sunflower is recognised in many countries around the world
Today, DBS has become the first Irish Educational Institution to officially recognise the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower.
At the launch, Tim Bicknell, President of DBS, said:
“We are proud of DBS and the diverse and inclusive culture it has built.
1 in 5 people in Ireland have a disability and 80% of these are non-visible. So, in line with the DBS value to empower and support, we have joined the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Initiative - we want everyone to feel comfortable and accepted here.
We would like all of DBS staff across faculty and offices to be equipped to recognise a Sunflower wearer and respond accordingly, to help create a more inclusive, understanding DBS.”
Students at DBS can choose to wear a Sunflower lanyard, wristband or pin to indicate a non-visible disability. The Sunflower is a discreet way of saying 'I might need extra help, understanding, or just more time'.
DBS Faculty and Staff have been trained to understand what an invisible disability is and how best to approach and support Students wearing the Sunflower. All new staff will be trained during induction and the DBS Disability and Inclusion Officer, Hamza Razaq, along with the Well-being Officer of the DBS Students’ Union will actively promote and support the initiative amongst the Student population.
Increasing the awareness and acceptance of non-visible disabilities will provide a more inclusive learning environment for students.
DBS has almost 9,000 students, from over 80 countries, studying at Undergraduate and Postgraduate levels in 2024.
Paul White, CEO of Hidden Disabilities Sunflower, said:
“We are delighted that Dublin Business School has become a member of the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower, committing to fostering a welcoming and disability-inclusive environment for students and staff. DBS attracts students from around the world, and the beauty of the Sunflower removes the language barrier. It is a non-verbal indicator that the wearer has a non-visible disability, signalling that they may need an offer of support, empathy, understanding and kindness.”
For more information, please contact[email protected]
Since the Sunflower was established in the UK in 2016, it has been adopted globally by organisations to support their colleagues and customers. The Sunflower is recognised across a broad range of sectors - ranging from retail, financial services, transport including over 285 airports and 18 airlines, travel and tourism, education as well as healthcare, emergency service and entertainment. With a strong global presence, the Sunflower is a private multinational company headquartered in the UK that has operations in Australia, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Denmark, Ireland, Latin America, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Mauritius, the UAE, the UK and the USA.
For further information, please visit theHidden Disabilities Sunflower website.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL


DBS Student Experience
Welcome to Dublin City, and to DBS!Dublin is our campus, it is a historic, vibrant and beautiful city, where there is always something going on. DBS will provide an outstanding Student Experience and enable strong academic outcomes. We promote a community and culture that is focussed on your well-being and success.Students are the primary focus of DBS, and we realise that there is a lot more to college than what goes on inside the classroom, what is also hugely important is to have a lively college life making friends and memories that will last long after your time in the classroom has ended.
The welfare of our students is of the utmost importance and the dedicated Student Services Department caters exclusively for student needs.  In DBS we take a holistic view to college life, integrating academia with a stimulating social scene.
The Student Services Team serves to:
• Offer information, advice and support to all students of the College, be it accommodation, financial, J1 visa advice or study problems
• Facilitate the personal and academic development of the student
• Offer a variety of support from personal advice to organising sports teams
• Place an emphasis on empowering the student and facilitating their development.
• Provide an interface between staff and students
• Provide a forum for student input into academic and administrative matters
• Provide a channel for information to be passed on to students
• Finally, Student Services provides a public face for the College both to students and those outside the College
Our Student Services department looks after the academic, cultural and personal needs of our students. The department works as an important interface between college staff and our students, delivering information to students and taking feedback on academic and administrative matters.Read more...
The school takes an active interest in the welfare of each and every student at DBS. The Student Services department is available to help with many aspects of student life, from finances to accommodations, study issues and travel and work visa applications. A confidential student counselling service is also available.Read more...
Because DBS is located in the heart of Dublin city, a very wide range of accommodation is available to students. The Student Services department publishes an annual accommodation list for existing and prospective students. Although all accommodation agreements are made between the student and the landlord or provider, we can provide advice and guidance.Read more...
A great way to meet people is to get involved in one of the many clubs and societies at DBS, catering for the interests of all students. Off the sports field the college has plenty to offer through a variety of societies.Read more...
Like any college, DBS hosts and promotes a number of student events throughout the year. These range from Freshers Week to the Halloween Ball, the Christmas Ball, Graduation Reception, Rag Week and more.Read more...
Radio DBS is our college-based podcast radio programme whose aim is to inform and entertain DBS students. Weekly podcasts are made available to students through the DBS website and regularly feature competitions, news and useful college information along with the all important ‘craic’.
Because we believe that happy, healthy students make successful, fulfilled students, DBS places a big emphasis on providing a range of sporting activities. Soccer, basketball, sailing, cricket and rugby are some of the most popular sports in DBS.Read more...

International Students
Dublin Business School is keen to ensure that all students experience equality of opportunity in reaching their educational potential and we welcome applications from students with disabilities, learning difficulties or long term illnesses.  We offer a wide range ofeducational supportswhich can be arranged by registering with the Learner Supports Service.
If you are considering applying to DBS you are very welcome to come in and have a chat with the Disabilities Support Officer prior to completing an application. We understand you may have some concerns about studying at third level and about the support you can expect to receive. We would be happy to talk through the options with you to allow you to make an informed decision about where to study.
The DBS Learner Supports Service was established with the sole objective of promoting equality of access to learners with disabilities and we welcome applications from students with disabilities. We are committed to ensuring that you can successfully pursue your chosen qualification with us and in order to support this commitment, we endeavour to provide the necessary support and facilities to students who may require it.
The Disabilities Support Officer is the primary point of contact for all applicants to the college who may require additional support throughout their time with us. Students applying directly to the college will be required to indicate on their application forms that they have a specific learning difficulty, ongoing / long term illness or disability and will then be contacted by the Admissions Office / Disabilities Support Officer who will discuss the details of the support services available in more detail.
You may also be required to complete a Disability Information Form which will be sent to you once your application has been processed. This form is used to clarify the supports you may have received to date and to ascertain if there is anything additional that we can offer you.
Applicants who are applying through the CAO are encouraged to indicate on their application forms, any disability, ongoing illness or specific learning difficulty for which they may require additional support.  Applicants should then go on to complete a Supplementary Information Form which requests additional information on the disability and/or specific learning difficulty and these details are then presented to the HEIs.
Once a Supplementary Information Form is received by the college you will be contacted by the Admissions Office to offer you the opportunity to come in to discuss the various supports available to you and to ensure that your particular requirements can be facilitated. Please note that all information will be treated in the strictest confidence.We recommend that you consult page 7 of the CAO Handbook for full details on disclosing a disability and the Supplementary Information Form if you have not already done so.
If you have declared a disability as part of your application to DBS then our admissions staff will arrange an appointment with the Disabilities Support Supports Officer for you. This will allow us to discuss your needs and any concerns with you in advance of your accepting a place on a DBS programme.If you have not declared a disability in your application then you can arrange an appointment with the Disabilities Support Officer at anytime before or after beginning your studies. We recommend that you register as early as possible as the sooner we are informed of your needs the sooner we can begin supporting you.
Appointments to meet the Disabilities Support Officer, can be made by emailing[email protected]or calling 01 4177506. The Disabilities Support Officer is based in the student services hub on the fourth floor of the DBS Castle House building.

Our student’s voice is important- with DBS participation in the National Student Engagement Programme (NStep) endorsing our desire to listen and action your voice.Students are centrally involved in decision making at DBS. We seek to create the conditions, policies and culture that enable and encourage students to get involved.NStep- Embedding the Principles of Student Engagement
The DBS Student Union- All Students are members of the Student Union, whose officers cover 3 main areas, Welfare, Education and Events.
The DBS Student Union- All Students are members of the Student Union, whose officers cover 3 main areas, Welfare, Education and Events.
The DBS Student Council- All Students are members of the Student Council, which meets once a month feedsback to the College on a number of issues.
The DBS Student Council- All Students are members of the Student Council, which meets once a month feedsback to the College on a number of issues.
Class Reps- Every class and group nominates a class rep, who completes the NStep Class Rep training programme.
Class Reps- Every class and group nominates a class rep, who completes the NStep Class Rep training programme.
Student Peer Mentors- Here to support and help fellow students find their way around DBS.
Student Peer Mentors- Here to support and help fellow students find their way around DBS.
DBS Clubs and Societies- Student run and elect officers to all Clubs and Societies in DBS.
DBS Clubs and Societies- Student run and elect officers to all Clubs and Societies in DBS.
Student Representation on the Academic Board- The SU President and Vice-Presidents represent Students on the Academic Board and a number of sub-boards in DBS.
Student Representation on the Academic Board- The SU President and Vice-Presidents represent Students on the Academic Board and a number of sub-boards in DBS.

We believe that education lasts a life time.  The friends you meet in DBS will stay with you throughout your career.
We hope that you get some value from being a member of the group, such as re-connecting with former classmates or meeting new people who have studied in DBS. As the group content is led by its members, active participation is encouraged. Dublin Business School will feed current news from the college to the group on a regular basis to complement those threads posted by group members and to generate discussion and interest.
Some of the benefits of joining the group include:
Finding and reconnecting with former classmates
Finding and reconnecting with former classmates
Catching up with news and events happening in your alma mater
Catching up with news and events happening in your alma mater
Getting updates on new programmes being delivered in DBS
Getting updates on new programmes being delivered in DBS
Creating threads and sharing information on topics that you think the group will find interesting and relevant
Creating threads and sharing information on topics that you think the group will find interesting and relevant
Join today and find your former classmates.
You may also be interested in ourCorporate Partnership Network. Meet new people, make connections, and enhance relationships at corporate events throughout the year with our Business Development Team.

English Language Requirements
DBS student Ibla from Germany shares her journey at DBS. Ibla was awarded Student of the Year at the Graduation.
DBS student Tobias from Germany shares his experience at DBS, highlighting how the variety of modules helped him discover his career path.
DBS student Luisa from Germany shares her experience at DBS, highlighting academic support services that have made a difference in her studies.
DBS student Clara from France shares her experience at DBS and what she likes most about Dublin.
DBS student Roos from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS and shares some great advice for new students.
DBS student Betty from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS, highlighting how the course’s practical approach helped her apply classroom learning to real-world experiences.
Areas where DBS received a 4-Star rating in addition to its overall score are Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development

From School to College  Your First 100 Days at DBS
The first 100 days at college are often considered a pivotal period that can significantly shape a student's overall experience and success. This initial phase (or first 12 weeks) is not just about attending classes and finding your way around campus; it’s about laying a strong foundation for your academic journey, building essential relationships, and establishing habits that will support you throughout your college years.
Throughout this period you will get a chance to meet our various support teams such as the Student Experience Team, your Students’ Union, SESU Team, Lecturers, Library staff, and our Careers Hub who all support students in developing the skills they need to succeed with their college journey.
Students can also expect tons of fun events and exciting activities which offer opportunities to socialise, interact and explore new areas of interest.
Here’s a quick guide to getting you started during your First 100 Days at DBS.
College academics can be a major leap from secondary school, with increased expectations and a more self-directed learning approach. The first 100 days are crucial for adapting to this new academic environment. During this time, students learn to manage their coursework, balance multiple assignments, and develop effective study routines. Establishing good academic habits early on, such as attending lectures regularly, participating in discussions, and seeking help when needed, can set the tone for future academic success.
College is not just about academics; it’s also a time for social growth. The first 100 days are an opportunity to build your social network, which can greatly enhance your college experience. Making friends, joining clubs, and participating in campus events can help you find your community and create a sense of belonging. These social connections often become your support system, helping you navigate the challenges of college life and providing a source of encouragement and motivation.
For many students, college is their first time living away from home, which brings a new level of independence. The first 100 days are when you start learning how to manage this independence, from handling your finances to taking care of your day-to-day needs. This period is also about learning to balance the freedom of college life with the responsibilities that come with it. Developing good time management skills, creating a routine, and learning to make healthy decisions are all critical during this time.
College offers a wealth of opportunities, and the first 100 days are the perfect time to start exploring them. Whether it’s joining a student organisation, participating in extracurricular activities, or attending career development workshops, getting involved early can enrich your college experience. This is also a time to start thinking about your future goals and taking the first steps towards them, such as exploring internships, research opportunities, or networking events.
The transition to college life can be challenging, and the first 100 days are often when students face some of their biggest adjustments. Homesickness, academic pressures, and the struggle to find a balance between work and social life can be overwhelming. However, these challenges are also opportunities for growth. Learning to navigate these difficulties early on can build resilience and equip you with the skills to handle future obstacles more effectively.
The first 100 days at college are a formative time that can influence the rest of your academic journey. By focusing on building a strong academic foundation, establishing a supportive social network, embracing your independence, and taking advantage of the opportunities available, you can set yourself up for a successful and fulfilling college experience. This period is not just about surviving the transition to college life; it’s about thriving in it and laying the groundwork for your future.
On Campus - Student Experience Hub, 4th floor, Castle HouseOn Email -[email protected]On Social -@dbsstudentexperience
TheDBS Students’ Union Teamwill be on hand each week to help make your college experience fun and enjoyable. The team will be supporting you from when you are inducted to the college and will be running great events, while also supporting your learning experience too. Make sure you say “Hey” to the guys if you see them around the campus or online.
These events happen on a weekly basis and are great opportunities to meet the SU, make some new friends and see all of the fantastic places that Dublin has to offer.
Each week our SU team will have a number of stimulating and enjoyable online social networking nights. These nights will include - Language exchanges, Speed friending, SU Bingo Loco, Silent Zoom Discos (not to be missed).
Our SU Welfare Team will have weekly online workshops and social evenings available to our students throughout the term. These workshops will cover important skills such as Mindfulness, Resilience, Coping during college, and dealing with anxiety. Other fun social nights include our hugely popular tea & chats and of course SU paint & wine nights! (not to be missed).
Our Societies Programme will be an important part of our Student Experience this year. All of our societies will be active and running great events again this year. All students are welcome to join any society free of charge during our ‘Clubs & Socs Sign-Up Day’ in Freshers Week. Keep an eye out for our regular ‘Society Nights’ each week and get involved in their meetings and events.
Students will be invited to join and participate in all of the available Sports Clubs at DBS this year. Individual and team sports are available to everyone across Ireland and will take place at the specified sports facility of each club. Students can join any of our Sports Clubs during our ‘Clubs & Socs Sign-Up Day’ in Freshers Week.
The best and most talked about experiences happen on our Student Experience Trips each term. These will include our Surf Weekends, trips to Glendalough and other iconic day trips around Ireland. Make sure you come along!
We will have a number of key college events to look forward to within our Student Meet-Up Series. Make sure you get involved and take part in all of the action with our SU team.Each week throughout the academic term the Student Experience Team will arrange exciting and fun events for students to participate in. These experiences will give each of our students the opportunity to meet new people and see all of the best sights across Dublin, and beyond.
• Student Meetup Series• Freshers Week• Bundoran Surf Weekend• International Fashion Show• Student Beach Clean-Up• Galway Trip• DBS Strategy Competition• International Surf Trip• Student Awards Ball
Tickets for our events, including our Student Meet-Up Series are available through theDBS Student Experience Eventbrite.


With over 40 student societies, DBS has something for everyone. Being involved in a society is a great way to make friends, develop your skills and enjoy the full student experience.You can join any of the DBS student societieshere.Societies include:Business SocietyComputer SocietyPsychology SocietyData Analytics SocietyComputer SocietyRainbow SocietyLaw SocietyDebating SocietyFintech SocietyFashion SocietyFilm SocietyPhotographic SocietyThe DBS Innovation Summit- Organised by the Business SocietyThe Start-Up Summit- Organised by the Business SocietyThe Fintech Society Breakfast SeriesPsychology Week- Organised by the Psychology Society

DBS actively promotes the mental health and well-being of all members of our community.The mental and physical well-being of our students, faculty and administration teams is of utmost importance, and the College has committed to and benchmarked against theUniversity Mental Health Charter.Be it mental health, accommodation, financial, visa, study advice or physical well-being, the Student Services Team are here to help. We have close ties with local medical services and can arrange an appointment at short notice.We provide students with a free, independent counselling service where we refer you to a professional counsellor if required.
Regular Health and Well-Being Workshops:Managing AnxietyMental Health PlanSteps To WellbeingMindfulnessArt TherapySelf-Care
Regular Health and Well-Being Workshops:Managing AnxietyMental Health PlanSteps To WellbeingMindfulnessArt TherapySelf-Care
Access to Nightline Student Listening ServiceOutside College Hours
Access to Nightline Student Listening ServiceOutside College Hours
Staff and Student Leader training in “Safetalk”
Staff and Student Leader training in “Safetalk”
Student Union Welfare Team
Student Union Welfare Team
Free Counselling Services
Free Counselling Services

Students' Union (SU) Team
Welcome to the Dublin Business School (DBS) Students' Union!As the heart of student life on campus, the Students' Union (SU) is here to ensure that your time at DBS is not just about academics, but also about making lifelong memories, forging friendships, and finding your voice within the college community.
The Students' Union at DBS is a student-led community dedicated to representing, supporting, and advocating for all students. Whether you're a first-year student or approaching graduation, the SU is here to ensure your needs and interests are met. From organizing events to providing essential services, the SU plays a vital role in enhancing the student experience.
One of the core functions of the Students' Union is to represent the student body. The SU acts as a bridge between students and the DBS administration, ensuring that your opinions, concerns, and ideas are heard and addressed. Whether it's about academic issues, campus facilities, or student welfare, the SU is your voice within the college, advocating for changes and improvements that benefit the entire student community.
Life at DBS is vibrant and diverse, thanks in large part to the events and activities organised by the Students' Union. From social events like Fresher's Week, parties, and cultural celebrations to educational workshops and guest lectures, the SU ensures there's always something happening on campus. These events are a great way to meet new people, explore new interests, and create unforgettable experiences.
The SU is also responsible for supporting and managing a wide range of student-run clubs and societies. Whether you're interested in sports, arts, culture, or academics, there’s likely a club or society for you. And if you can’t find one that matches your interests, the SU can help you start your own! Joining a club or society is a fantastic way to engage with like-minded peers, develop new skills, and enrich your college experience.
Getting involved with the Students' Union is easy and rewarding. Whether you want to join a club, attend an event, or run for a position, the SU is always open to new members and ideas. You can start by visiting the SU Hub on campus, attending the events, or following them on social media to stay updated on what's happening.
At DBS, the Students' Union is more than just an organization; it's a community. A community that thrives on student participation, innovation, and diversity. Your experience at DBS is what you make of it, and the SU is here to help you make the most of it. Whether you're looking to make friends, develop skills, or simply enjoy your time at college, the Students' Union is your go-to resource.
Stay in touch with us@dbsstudentexperience

Ticknock Forest Trip PRE Covid-19
To ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment we have some guidelines in place to make sure this meetup runs smoothly.
NO LARGE GROUPS- To avoid congestion please meet at the time and the location specified in the event tab.
NO LARGE GROUPS- To avoid congestion please meet at the time and the location specified in the event tab.
HAVE YOUR MASKS- Please bring your own face mask and wear it at all times if possible.
HAVE YOUR MASKS- Please bring your own face mask and wear it at all times if possible.
BRING YOUR OWN HAND SANITIZERS- We may be on the go and could have limited access to handwashing facilities.
BRING YOUR OWN HAND SANITIZERS- We may be on the go and could have limited access to handwashing facilities.
KEEP YOUR DISTANCE- Try to minimise your contact inside 2m with others as much as possible.
KEEP YOUR DISTANCE- Try to minimise your contact inside 2m with others as much as possible.
KEEP TO YOURSELF- Try to avoid sharing things if possible, even if you are good friends/living together.
KEEP TO YOURSELF- Try to avoid sharing things if possible, even if you are good friends/living together.
STAY SAFE AT ALL TIMES- Stick to Government guidelines when getting around or on public transport.
STAY SAFE AT ALL TIMES- Stick to Government guidelines when getting around or on public transport.
BE RESPONSIBLE & DO THE RIGHT THING!- Stick to our guidelines so we can all have a fun and safe experience.
BE RESPONSIBLE & DO THE RIGHT THING!- Stick to our guidelines so we can all have a fun and safe experience.
ASK YOUR STUDENT LEADERS!- If you need any help or have any questions ask your designated Student Leader.
ASK YOUR STUDENT LEADERS!- If you need any help or have any questions ask your designated Student Leader.
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students!To break the ice on your first day back our Students Union have set up a fun and exciting online student networking night. Get to know some of the people in your course and some of DBS’s vibrant cast of characters. This event is a must for those looking to start their year off right!>>Zoom link will be issued once students have received their ticket.
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students - Student ID Required.To kick off the new academic year, join the Student Experience Team for a unique event at the iconic Forty Foot in Sandycove. Our team will be bringing you for a real Dublin experience with a refreshing jump off the Forty Foot Jump into the Irish Sea. This is a great way to start your time in DBS as the Forty Foot is one of Ireland's most famous bathing spots and even features in the opening of the famous novel “Ulysses” by James Joyce.So sign up with the link below. Bring a towel, a bathing suit and some drinks for afterwards as we will encourage some socially distant socialising. Oh! And bring some extra warm clothes for afterwards too.Our Student Leaders will meet you at our allocated meeting spot, so keep an eye on your email for the meet up location!Don’t miss out on the best way to start your weekend with the Student Experience Team!Students will need to cover the cost of their own transport via train to the end location.*COVID-19 regulations will be adhered at all times to throughout this trip. Masks must be worn when walking/standing in close contact with other students. It is also mandatory to wear your facemasks on public transports. Our SU team will have hand sanitisers on hand throughout the hike. We will ask that all students conduct themselves in a responsible manner at all times.3 groups:Group 1 - 4pmGroup 2 - 4:30pmGroup 3 - 5pm14 tickets per group €5 per personMeetup location - DBS/Tara Street/Sandycove
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students! Student ID Required!Join the Student Experience Team for a memorable trip around the beautiful Killiney and explore some of the best views Dublin has to offer. We will climb Killiney Hill, take in some great views and enjoy some fresh coastal views too.The Student Experience Team will bring you guys to some of the local beaches and brave the elements at the famous Vico baths. After a quick dip, students will be invited to visit the delightful Dalkey village to get something to eat, before making their way home. Who’s coming?So sign up with the event tab below. Bring a towel, a bathing suit and some drinks for afterwards as we will encourage some socially distant socialising. Oh! And bring some extra warm clothes for afterwards too.Our Student Leaders will meet you at our allocated meeting spot, so keep an eye on your email for the meet up location!This is a great way to enjoy your weekend with the Student Experience Team!Students will need to cover the cost of their own transport via train to the end location.Click here to grab your ticket and be part of this adventure!**COVID-19 regulations will be adhered at all times to throughout this trip. Masks must be worn when walking/standing in close contact with other students. It is also mandatory to wear your face masks on public transport. Our SU team will have hand sanitisers on hand throughout the hike. We will ask that all students conduct themselves in a responsible manner at all times!3 groups:Group 1 - 10amGroup 2 - 10:30amGroup 3 - 11am14 tickets per group €5 per personMeetup location - DBS/Tara Street/Killiney