Alison Lecturer in Counselling & Psychotherapy. Alison is an experienced Counsellor and Psychotherapist with over 25 years in the field of counselling and psychotherapy.  
Alison Biography She graduated from the Tivoli Institute in 1996 and has been working as a Counsellor and Psychotherapist since thenfirst becoming accredited in 1999.  Alison completed Advanced Supervision training in 2007 and delivers supervision to all levels of supervisees: traineespost graduatesaccredited therapists and accredited Supervisors.  
Alison has served on the Governing Body of IAHIP from 2004-2007 and was Hon. Treasurer during that period.  She started her career in 1992 as a volunteer counsellor with the Dublin Rape Crisis Centre.  
In 1994 she was instrumental in the foundation of the Goldenbridge Counselling helpline.  Alison has run a private practice for many years and joined the staff at DBS in January 2015.
Creative approaches to working with the many and varied issues that arise in the practice of psychotherapy including Gestaltpsychodynamicexistentialfamily and group psychology.
Alison Qualifications and Membership of Professional Bodies Diploma in Counselling & Psychotherapy (Tivoli) Advanced Diploma in Supervision Accredited Psychotherapist IAHIPMICPMEAP Accredited Supervisor IAHIP

Dr. Andrew Browne Lecturer in Arts and English Language
Biography Dr. Browne has studied at third-level in the United States and Europe. He finished his BA at St. Patrick’s College DCU with double first-class honours and received prizes for the highest marks in History and English
the first time that was accomplished. At Trinity College Dublin he was awarded a first-class honour for his MPhil thesis on Samuel Beckett. 
Dr. Browne was then awarded a highly competitive Doctoral Teaching Fellowship at NUI Galway where he wrote his PhD dissertation on Thomas Kinsella.
 He was later awarded an Irish Research Council Fellowship and an Arts Faculty Write-up Fellowship. Dr. Browne became an Information Professional
  through a first-class honours MLIS at UCD. He has lectured and tutored at NUI GalwayUCD and Maynooth University. He was the Course Director 
  for the Kilkenny First ArtsMaynooth University’s English Department programme. Dr. Browne has published essays and poetry in the USEurope 
  and Australia. He is an active Humanities and Social Sciences researcher with broad interests. Currently he is engaged with studies on Thomas 
  Kinsella and John Banville while also researching study-abroad student experiencesstudent progression and collaborative research tools and
methods. His Qualifications and Membership of Professional Bodies Certificate in English Language TeachingSwan Institute,Masters in Library and Information StudiesUniversity College Dublin (First-class honours),PhD in English LiteratureNational University of IrelandGalway,European Computer Driving License CertificateIrish Computer Society,Certificate in Postgraduate DevelopmentNational University of IrelandGalway,MPhil in Anglo-Irish LiteratureTrinity CollegeDublin University (First-class honours for dissertation),BA in HumanitiesSt Patrick’s CollegeDublin City University (Double first-class honours),Certificate in PsychologyNational University of IrelandMaynooth,Certificate in Counselling and PsychotherapyTivoli InstituteDun LaoghaireAssociate of Arts in General StudiesPeninsula CollegeWashington StateUSA
his Research Interests Anglo-Irish Literature Collaborative research Study-Abroad Education Humanities and Social Sciences

Andy Fitzgerald Lecturer in  BA (Hons) in Computing Science
Biography  Andy Fitzgerald  is a well-rounded software engineer with over 15+ years of experience working for a wide range of companies such as Hewlett PackardMicrosoftPNC Global InvestmentsNewbay SoftwareHMH & Groupon. Expertise in the computer industry as a staff software developertechnical leaddevelopment and Q/A & build automation in Linux/Windows environments.

AngeloLecturer in Human and Social Sciences. He was born and educated in Italy. He came to Ireland in 2002 to study for a PhD and has taught in different colleges (DBSUCDMarino InstituteHibernia College) since 2006.

Dr. Anna  Wolniak Lecturer in Social Sciences Teaching Onlineyear-long moduleDublin City UniversityIreland
Dr. Anna Wolniak is a lecturer in Sociology and Social Science at Dublin Business School for over ten yearsshe has been also teaching Sociology at Dublin City University for eight years. Her PhD focused on legal consciousness and behaviour regarding copyright law on the internetparticularly on attitudes towards sharingcopying and downloading digital materials. Technology and social norms are still among her main interestsespecially the intersection between lawmorality and technical innovations. Over the yearsshe has also developed a special interest in inequality and social categorisation – how categories of difference are implicated in the production and reproduction of inequality and what can be done about it.
She has been teaching on a variety of core sociological modules regarding inequalities and sociological theoryas well as those with wider social science scopelike migrationsocial policypovertyyouth and children studies. She has been a supervisor of many research projects from the area of social science.

Dr. Annette  Jorgensen Lecturer in Social Sciences
Annette has over ten years' experience of teaching Sociology and Social Science at third level and in adult education. Annette currently teaches qualitative research & analysisglobalisation and culturegender & sexualityand health studies and acts as thesis supervisor and year head for a number of students. Her research interests include the changing relationship between society and nature and the connections between culture and identity. This reserach focuses on the ways in which actors make sense of such issuesusing ethnographycultural analysis and visual research methods. She is an active member of the DBS Research and Ethics Committees.

Dr. Barnaby  Taylor Lecturer in Film and Creative Media
Barnaby completed his doctoral study at the University of Kent and taught at Trinity College Dublin before joining Dublin Business School. He is currently engaged in cutting-edge research activities exploring the developing relationships between existing practices and new methods in collaborative digital media education. He co-curate voicesonfilman audiovisual research initiative that provides real-world opportunities for learners to engage in academic content creation. Voicesonfilm is also concerned with academic brandingentrepreneurship and engaging in relevant audiovisual debate through the organization of public events. Barnaby’s most recent research activity saw the completion of Lumière Word Cloud (voicesonfilm2017)an experiment in contemporary collaborative assessment.

Bernadette Higgins Lecturer in Computing
Working in the Education sector for over 30 yearsBernadette has extensive experience as a lecturer/teacher and IT trainer in the areas of computer technologiesonline learningHumanitiesEnglish Language and Maths. She is also a Moodle Technical Specialist and staff trainer for the online VLE MOODLE in DBS. Bernadette has held the roles of Programme Leader and Subject Leader for the BIS/IT programmes. In addition to her academic role Bernadette has played a central role in the area of staff recruitmentstaff mentoring and development in the IT/Computing areas. She was the winner of the ‘Kaplan UK & Ireland Individual Award 2014’in the ‘Continuous Transformation’ category a highlight of her career. This was in recognition of her crucial role in driving change in DBS by enabling staff to adapt to change and achieving and accessing government funding for programmes focused on the ICT skills area.
Bernie Lydon Lecturer in Computing
Bernie has been a lecturer in information systems at Dublin Business School since 2005having previously worked in industry as an SPSS Consultant and Trainer and in the Financial Services Industry as a Data Analyst. She has a BA Honours Degree in Information Systems Management and won a scholarship to pursue a research Master’s Degree in ‘Consumer Web-Search Behaviour in the Irish Airline Industry’. She has presented her work to an international conference on ‘Human Factors and Web Development’ in Nice and also to ‘Human Computer Interaction International’ (HCII) in Crete.

Brendan  Maguire Lecturer in Digital Marketing
Experienced digital marketing specialist and consultant with over 15 year’s extensive experience in Digital Marketing.  Previous employers and clients include Coca Colathe Marketing Institute of IrelandIT Tallaghtthe National College of IrelandiCommunitySureskills Ltd and the Digital Marketing Institute.
Specialise in SEOGoogle Adwords (SearchDisplay and Video)LinkedIn Business TrainingConversion Optimisation and Social Media Marketing. Certified Google AdWords Professional

Claire Dix Lecturer in Film and Creative Media As an independent filmmaker Claire works in both fiction and documentary filmfunded regularly by Screen Ireland and The Arts Council.  Her work has won several national and international awards.  She has lectured in film-making in Dublin Business School for the past 9 years and has also devised and ran several short filmmaking schemes for Huston Film School in NUI GalwayFilmbase and Dublin Community television.  Claire has just been accepted onto the Screen Ireland’s POV scheme.
Conor Murphy  Lecturer in Film and Creative Media Conor has been deeply involved in filmmaking and film lecturing over the last two decades in Ireland and across Europe.Prior to his current role at DBShe lectured at UCD and the National College of Art and Design (NCAD)in addition to collaborations with Staffordshire University and University of West of Scotland (UK)as well as the University of Paris 3La Sorbonne Nouvelle (France).See IMDB link for filmmaking industry credits.(https://www.imdb.com/name/nm3334788/)Since 2014Conor has been the Editor-in-chief of the Open Access online journal "Studies in Arts and Humanities" (www.sahjournal.com).

Damien Kettl Lecturer in Computing
Currently lecturing in the IT DepartmentDamien has strong communicationproblem solving and decision-making skills with exemplary listening and interpersonal skills. He is self-motivatedreliable and consistent. Damien enjoys working within a dynamic and challenging environment possessing strategic management skills. Damien sees himself as a motivational manager bringing learners along with him by motivating them to strive forward. In his current position as a lecturer in Information TechnologyDamien manages many different modules including developing the OpenStack Cloud platform in DBS and prioritises his workloads to deliver learning objectives accuratelywith an enterprising approach to business Information Technology and people management.

Damien Lennon Lecturer in Arts and Humanities
Damien Lennon is an educator with over 25 years of experience in a variety of academic and practical contexts. He currently specialises in critical media literaciesIrish Studiescommunications skillsand academic writing. At DBS he teaches New Media WritingWriting for CollegeIrish Life and Cultures and Irish Society and Economics. Beyond Dublin Business School he has taught in various capacities at University College DublinHEC ParisThe New School for Social Researchand l'Institut d'études politiques de Paris (Sciences Po). Over the years his work has encompassed broadintersecting fields such as western intellectual historymodernismspopular cultureaestheticsexistentialismphenomenologylanguageliteraciesand critical skills development. He was a senior teacher/consultant in the pilot 2018 UCD Philosophy in Schools Project (P4C)an innovative programme introducing Irish primary and secondary school pupils to practical and practicable philosophy. Beyond academics he is a published poetwritercomposermusician and founder-member of improvising music group Zeropunktwith whom he has an extensive discography and performance history.
Darina Reilly Lecturer in Management Lecturer in Management
Darina Reilly is a Lecturer in Human Resources Development and Organisational Behaviour at Dublin Business Schoolhas consulted in matters of HRDand People and Performance Management for SMEs and has held several Sales Management and Training Management positions in MNCs in various sectors including Hospitality and ICT. She holds directorships in various organisations. She is a fellow of the Irish Institute of Training and Development. Darina is currently lecturing at Dublin Business School on several undergraduate and postgraduate programmeson subjects in the Management arena. She is a member of the TeachingLearning and Assessment committee in DBS.
David  Duff Lecturer inManagement
David Duff has 25 plus years experience in Retail. Both as store Leadership/Management and a strategic senior project manager responsible for the developmentand day to day running ofleadership development programme’s in the retail sector. David is currently a business trainer and lecturerspecialising in the areas of leadership and management developmentinternational strategyinnovation & entrepreneurship and HRM.
David demonstrates a history of working in the education management industry and has researched and developed numerous academic programmes over the last 25 yearsfrom developing level 8 undergraduate to level 9 postgraduate studies in Management and HRM.From an academic perspective David has been facilitating an advanced understanding in learners of general management theoretical and conceptual frameworks in both a domestic and international context-the application of robust academic frameworks for evaluating business policy and practice to create innovative change in a business environment. From both academic and practical settingsDavid’s work has shed light and insight into key business management issuesemerging trendstraining future managers to be in a position to synthesise these elements to diagnose existing problems and formulate high performing work practices and solutions.David worked extensively in both the public and private sector and has over 20 years of lecturing experience and training in both academic and non-academic settings. He’s also worked extensively with newly appointed managers on performance management techniquescoaching and systems transformation.

David  Williams Academic Director in Computing
An experienced technologist and educator who enjoys educational developmentwith interests in bridging the gap between technology skills and innovative teaching. David is currently engaged in PhD research in Technology Enhanced Learning with the National College of Ireland and works with multiple academic environments developing and managing courses under QQIBTECSQASpringboard and Momentum governance. David is also part of the National Forum for the Enhancement of Teaching and Learning in Higher Education as a member of the Ethics Audit Committee. PreviouslyDavid has worked with project management and interactive education for corporate network and IT solution providers as well as the world’s largest search engine provider.

Derek Reynolds Lecturer in Accounting & Finance
Derek has been a lecturer with Dublin Business School for over 10 years. Derek has a keen interest in lecturing to both domestic and international studentslecturing on undergraduate Programmes as well as postgraduate programmes.Derek has lectured on many ACCA coursesincluding Financial ReportingCorporate ReportingManagement AccountingBusiness and Technology and Taxation.Prior to lecturing on a full-time basisDerek gained valuable experience in the areas of Investment BankingMultinational Corporations as well as assisting an indigenous Irish Manufacturing company to grow organically.Derek has been an examiner for many of the on undergraduate and postgraduate programmes as well as a Professional Accountancy Body.Derek’s relaxed approach to class and exam focus has led to students understanding and enjoying the classes. Derek has been recognised by his peers in 2022 receiving a DBS Above and Beyond Award for Student Success.

Donal  Casey Lecturer in Irish Studies 
Donal Casey has lectured on the Irish Life & Cultures and Irish Society & Economics modules at DBS for over ten years now. Working mainly with students from the United States and mainland Europehis duties have included accompanying students on co-curricular activities and weekend study toursas well as visiting partner colleges in the US to give guest lectures and pre-departure orientation talks.He has also taught on EFL and Business English programmesas well as working as a supervisor on BA final-year Capstone projects.He is a member of the DBS Sustainable Environment Group. He is also a member of the DBS Academic Impropriety Committee.He has worked extensively as a political cartoonist and book illustratormainly for Irish language text books and children’s books. He political cartoons have been published regularly in such magazines as MagillFórsa MagazineWork & LifeMagazine and VOX Magazine. He has also created a series of educational cartoons for Teagascthe Irish the National Agriculture & Food Development Authority. One of his political cartoons was published in the World Union of Cartoonists album 'Donald Trump Through the Eyes of World Cartoonists'. He has taken part in the past three editions of the annual Galway Cartoon Festival.He also participated in a Carnegie Mellon University’s Human-Computer Interactions Institute study about how professional cartoonists create cartoons based on news content and the process used to summarise data in news articles.Irish-language books he has worked on include 'Dhá Chluas Capaill ar Labhraí Loingseach' published by Cló Mhaigh Éo and 'Gníomhachtaí Gasta'which was published by Gaelchultúr.He drew together his academic and artistic interests for the MPhil dissertation he wrote at Trinity College Dublinwhich was entitled ‘19th Century Irish Ape Man Cartoons and the Aesthetic of the Grotesque’.His website is www.donalcasey.com

Dr. Dylan Colbert Dissertation Supervisor in Psychology
Ehtisham H. Yasin Lecturer in Computing
An experienced technologist and entrepreneur with over 10 years of experience working with bluechip companies and startups.Part-time lecturer teaching Mobile Application DevelopmentWeb Application Development and Cloud Technologies at DBS since 2018.

Emma Olohan Lecturer in MarketingEventsDigital TechnologiesGlobal ManagementCorporate CultureSustainability
Emma has over 20 years of experience in sustainabilityeducationand event management. She has worked with major clients like RTE Choice Music PrizeCompliance InstituteFestival RepublicMCDand international tourism agencies. A leader in live eventsshe has helped nonprofits transition to virtual platforms and serves as an Event Consultant and Senior Specialist.As a founding board member and Co-Director of Minding Creative MindsEmma is a DEI advocatepromoting diversityequityand inclusion. She has led strategic projects with a focus on sustainabilitycomplianceand large-scale event management. She is also an international conference ambassador for Failte Ireland.A part-time lecturer and module authorEmma mentors and advises students in sustainabilityevent managementand global trade. She has served as an external examiner for climate risk programmes and developed sustainability-themed educational initiatives.Emma holds a Master’s in Arts & Education and certifications in sustainability and event safety. Recognised with awards like the Women in Business Award and the Lord Mayor of Dublin’s recognition for her COVID-19 effortsshe was also a finalist in the Algarve Business Awards for Sustainability Leadership. Her commitment to social and environmental impact makes her a respected leader in her field.

Enda  Murphy-Lecturer in Management and Finance
30 years’ experience in a wide range of senior and leadership positions in Financial Services – FinanceHRStrategye-businessMarketingTrustee.

Dr. Eugene Lecturer and Trainer in the Stress Response
Lecturer and Trainer in the Stress response and its use in informing self in the Therapeutic space. Humanistic and Integrative Psychotherapist and clinical Supervisor in private practice (Wicklow Counselling Service).

Dr. Garry  Prentice 
Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Garry Prentice is a chartered psychologist (British Psychological Society)with research experience within the addictionhealthsocial identitymarketinglearning and quantitative methods areas. In the pastDr. Garry Prentice has been a consultant researcher with an addiction treatment unit in Northern Irelandand the Centre for Young Men’s Studies at the University of Ulster. His research consultancy work has included constructing questionnaires suitable for assessment of programme outcomessetting up of databasesstatistical analysis of participant outcomesand report writing. As part of his consultancy workDr. Garry Prentice has also conducted Structural Equation Modelling and Advanced Statistics workshops for various institutions including University of Ulster and Queen’s University Belfast. In his Ph.D.Dr. Garry Prentice specialised in the investigation of risk factors for positive drug attitudes and addictive behaviour. Dr. Garry Prentice has many publications within the addictionpsychology and social research fieldsincluding conference presentationsabstractsreports and peer-reviewed journal articles. He has also successfully completed an MA in Marketing and associated marketing thesiswhich examined the application of service quality assessment techniques in relation to education programmes.
Dr. Gráinne Donohue 
Dissertation Supervisor in Human and Social Sciences
Dr. Gráinne Donohue Ph.D.MA (Psych) has over fifteen years’ experience in the mental health profession as both researcher and clinician. She did an MA in Psychoanalysis (Clinical Specialisation) at DBS before completing her doctoral studies in the School of Medicine and Medical SciencesUCDspecialising in a psychoanalytic understanding of loss and dementia. She was awarded a research grant from the International Psychoanalytic Association and subsequently became a Research Fellow. She currently works clinically in the area of psychosis and is a qualified psychoanalytic practitioner. She supervises research projects and teaches on postgraduate psychotherapy training across institutions alongside a postdoctoral fellowship at Trinity Centre for Practice and Healthcare Innovation.

Heather Moore Lecturer in Counselling and Psychotherapy
Heather is a practising psychotherapist with 13 years’ experience with adultsadolescents and couples from diverse cultural backgrounds. She works in a humanistic integrative way which focuses on the primacy of the therapeutic relationship. Her background in secondary school teaching has facilitated in practising in a creative way ensuring safety and sensitivity to all ages.

James  Browne Lecturer in Accounting & Finance
James has been with Dublin Business School for over 20 years holding various roles including Head of Department of Accounting & Finance. James has a particular interest in teaching International students and regularly travels overseas as a Visiting Professor at the College’s International Partner Institutions in China and SouthEast Asia.
Prior to lecturing full-timeJames gained valuable commercial accountancy experience in a range of roles from public practice to multi-national industry. Since then James has become an expert in his chosen fields of corporate governancefinancial reporting and management accounting and has been preparing students for under-graduatepost-graduate and professional accountancy exams for over 20 years. He has authored a Professional Manual in Management Accounting and has himself held roles as an Examiner / Moderator / Senior Moderator for a number of the Professional Accountancy Bodies.
James has a reputation for making difficult topics easy to grasp. His ethos is simple: if you understand the basic principlesthen applying these to the exam to achieve success is easy. His classes focus on ensuring each student clearly understands the topic they are studyingwhy they need to know it and most importantlyhow they can use it in the pursuit of academic success.
Jennie  ByrneLecturer in Computing
Jennie was part of the first group of graduates from IT Tallaght (RTC Tallaght) in 1996. She also studied Transact SQL in college & got an immediate role with Sybase Ireland based on this. Jennie has 25 years experience mostly in DatabasesDataInformation Systems & Solution Delivery. She has always been involved in training within every role.
Jennie worked for many companies including SybaseAOLCapitaPM Group and moved to Lecturing part-time in 2018 with DBS.

Dr. John  Hyland Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. John Hyland is a lecturer in psychology at Dublin Business Schooland a visiting research fellow in the School of Nursing and Midwifery at Trinity CollegeDublin. His teaching centres around Behaviour ScienceResearch MethodologyData Analysis and Psychological Ethics. He also serves as a memberand was previously the headof the DBS Research Ethics Committeeand a member of the DBS Research Ethics Filter Committee. He is a Chartered psychologist with the British Psychological Society (BPS) and also served for six years as a committee member of the Northern Ireland Branch of the BPS. He currently sits on the Editorial Panel for Studies in Arts and Humanities.

John R P Noble Lecturer in Digital Marketing
30 years in Marketing FMCG industryincluding Marketing positions with The Coca-Cola CompanyC&C Soft Drinks and Unilever Ireland. Founder and Director of four companiesincluding Food For Living Life with Owner of Cornucopia. Currently run my own e-Commerce Sports business.

Dr. Joseph Lavelle Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Joseph Lavelle is a lecturer in Psychology at Dublin Business School (DBS). His teaching centres around research methodologydata analysisresearch ethicspsychological disorders and mental healthand public and community health. He is a member of the Association for Contextual Behavioral Science (ACBS) and sits on the board of the UK & ROI Chapter of ACBS.

Dr. Keith O'Donnel-Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Keith O’Donnell is a lecturer in psychology at Dublin Business School (DBS). Much of his teaching centres around the topics of neurosciencecognitive sciencedata analysisand research design. Keith is also module leader across the BA programme and a final year and MSc thesis supervisor.

Dr. Lee  Richardson Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Lee Richardson is the Data Analytics & Reporting Managerand Student Engagement & Success Unit Team Lead at Dublin Business School. Lee’s current research interests include assessment and feedback and he is a member of the National Forum Learning Analytics Advisory Group on TeachingLearning & Effective Interventions.

Lynn  MonaghanLecturer in Accounting and Finance
Lynn Monaghan is an experienced data analyst with 6+ years of experience in ecommerce companies such as Paddy Power and Sky PLC. Lynn started as a junior data analyst in 2011 in Paddy Power and finished three years later as a senior analyst on the customer intelligence team. Following thisshe spent a number of years in London working initially as a data analyst for Sky PLC and finished as a revenue manager for their revenue and strategy team.

Martin O’Dea lectures in Management and Human Resource Management at Dublin Business School. His interests include human advancement through technological and biological development. He has written on topics such as the economics of accelerating technologies and the nature of consciousness. He has been involved with organizations such as Advanced Substrate Independent Minds and Terasem Foundation and is involved in a startup Artificial General Intelligence company.
Martina Mc NamaraHuman and Social Sciences Martina Mc NamaraLecturer inCounselling and Psychotherapy
Human and Social Sciences
Lecturer in Counselling and PsychotherapyMartina is an advocate for mental wellness and well-beingand has completed years of extensive training in the field of mental health. She holds an MSc in Psychotherapy from the University of Sheffieldand is an accredited Counsellor/Psychotherapist with the Irish Association for Counselling & Psychotherapy (I.A.C.P.).Martina is an I.A.C.P. accredited Supervisor and provides supervision for professional Counsellors and Psychotherapists.She is a certified Teacher of Mindfulness approaches and is a graduate of the Teacher Training programme at the Institute of Mindfulness Based Approaches (I.M.A.). She teaches mindfulness based stress reduction courses and mindfulness based compassionate living courses.Martina maintains a clinical Psychotherapy practice in Dublin and has extensive experience of working with individuals and couples with a wide range of issues. Her approach is integrativeand she adapts her approach to the specific needs of the person.

Mary  Nolan Lecturer in Computing
Mary Nolan worked for seven years in Industry before starting her career in Education.  She teaches IT Skills based modules on level 6 & 7 programmes and also level 81st year programmes.  Mary has the opportunity to work closely with our student body offering pastoral care support to our undergraduate students.She has taken on the role of Programme Leader for some Springboard programs and her function in DBS is an academic and pastoral care role to support our students.In addition to her academic roleMary was privileged to be awarded the 2015 'Above and Beyond Student Award' from the DBS student body.  In two consecutive years2016 and 2017she was the winner of the 'Kaplan Way and Spirit of Kaplan in Ireland and the UK'.  This was in recognition of her student support role in encouraging and supporting students in academic support.

Matthew  Nolan Lecturer in Film and Creative Media
Senior Lecturer and Subject Expert in Creative Media Matthew Nolan currently teaches on the Film and Creative Media degreesmanages the creative media production unit along with the Master’s in Creative Media Practicedelivered in partnership with the University of West Scotland.is a Dublin based musiciancomposermusic curatorand film academic. He was the founder and artistic director of 3epkano from 2004 to 2015an instrumental music ensemble who specialised in the production of original music for movies from the silent era. Since 2015 he has been commissioned to write new music for Carl Dreyer’s Vampyr,Tod Browning’s DraculaAndrea Mastrovito’s NysferatuRex Ingram’s The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypsethe Weimar classic People on Sundayand co-composed the score to Night of the Living Dead for a special 50thanniversary screening in 2018.Over the last 10 yearshe has been involved in producing new music for several award-winning Irish films including Exile in HellRunnersand Somewhere Down the Line.
Matthew has also worked on commissions from and curated programmes with a range of prestigious performing arts institutions and arts organisationsincluding: Brooklyn Academy of Music in New YorkFilm Society at Lincoln Centre in New YorkGoethe Institut Dublin and New YorkDublin International Film FestivalKilkenny Arts FestivalDublin Fringe FestivalNational Gallery of Art in DublinBram Stoker FestivalSt Patrick’s Festival Dublinand the National Gallery of Art in Washington D.C.Here is a list of films that Matthew has been involved in scoring:Roaming (2002dir. Katie Lincoln)Besieged: The Ned Kelly Story (2004dir. Barrie Dowdall)Exile in Hell (2007dir. Barrie Dowdall)Runners (2009dir./ Rob and Ronan Burke)Somewhere Down the Line (2014dir. Julien Regnard)I am not Legend (2020dir. Andrea Mastrovito)The Making of MOLI (2020dir. Luke McManus)

Michelle  O’Connor Lecturer in Computing
Michelle has worked for almost 20 years for a number of large multinational companies specialising in the Marketing & Sales areas where she held a number of managerial roles before setting up her own IT Training Consultancy company which meets the many varied and changing business needs of today's flexible companiesfocusing particularly on the information technology side. Michelle holds a number of professional qualifications among which she is a specialist in Microsoft Applications (MOS Trainer) and has an international Business & Life Coaching qualification. She is an experienced lecturer who lectures on first and second year business programmes.

Miriam  Kavanagh Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
Miriam Kavanagh is a Lecturer in Group Psychotherapy on Higher Diploma in PsychotherapyGroup Supervisor for the Infant Observation Module on MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy and on the Group Process Module on BAHigher Diplomaand MA in Counselling and Psychotherapy. She holds a MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy from Dublin Business Schoola H. Dip in Psychotherapy from UCDa Postgraduate Diploma in Family Law from the Law Society of Ireland and a BBS degree from Trinity College. She is a member of the Association of Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI)the Irish School for Lacanian Psychoanalysis (ISLP) and the Law Society of Ireland.

Dr. Monika Smatralova Lecturer in Finance
Financial services senior practitioner with expertise in Risk Management.

Niamh  Cullen Lecturer in Marketing
Niamh Cullen teaches undergraduate and postgraduate courses in the School of Business. Her specialities are within Marketing and focuses on areas including Contemporary Consumer BehaviourMarketing Communicationsand Essentials of Marketing. Niamh has a strong interest in researching learning environments and various teaching methods that influence learner motivation and engagement across levels of courses.Her professional experience includes over 9 years teaching in the School of Business while also staying current in industry through marketing consultancy for SMEs.

Obinna  Izima Lecturer in Computing
Obinna Izima has a Bachelor of Engineering degree (2.1) in Electrical / Electronic Engineering from the Federal University of TechnologyOwerriImo State (FUTO) in Nigeria. He later obtained a Master of Science degree (Distinction) in Information Technology from the University of AberdeenScotlandUnited Kingdom.Obinna is currently engaged in PhD research with the Communication Network Research Institute at the Technological University Dublin where his primary research focus is on developing machine learning techniques for the prediction and monitoring of Quality of Delivery (QoD) and Quality of Service (QoS) metrics in video delivery networks. His industry work experience spans across Network EngineeringWeb Application Development and Specialist Project IT Support in both Oil & Gas Exploration and Production Projects and Real Estate Management.

Dr. Patricia  Frazer Lecturer ininPsychology
My PhD focused on using behavioural analysis to reduce energy use. I have been lecturing in Psychology at Dublin Business School since 2011. I have significant experience in: lecturing on a range of subjects at undergraduate and postgraduate level (including statisticsresearch methodsmental health and experimental psychology); module development; programme design and evaluationresearch and research mentorship. I've recently completed short courses in data analyticsR and python.
My research interests include behaviours with potential to influence climate changemental health (and related stigma)musicexperimental methods and many other areas. I use both qualitative and quantitative research methods and have a developing interest in data science and the R and python programming languages
My research interests include behaviours with potential to influence climate changemental health (and related stigma)musicexperimental methods and many other areas. I use both qualitative and quantitative research methods and have a developing interest in data science and the R and python programming languages

Paul  Halligan Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
Paul is a lecturer on the BA Social CareBA (Hons) Applied Social Care and BA (Hons) Social Science programmes. Paul has sixteen years experience in lecturinggroup facilitation and in practice as a counsellor.   He was also the team leader in developing the BA and BA (Hons) in Applied Social Care programmes.  Having spent the first twenty years of his working life in the retail sectornotably with Clerys department store and Louis Copeland menswearhe studied for a BSc in Psychology with the Open Universitygraduating with first class honours.  Paul went on to complete a three-year Diploma in Humanistic Counselling graduating in 2002.  During this timePaul discovered a love of teaching and learning which continues to this day.  Coupled with thishis  work as a counsellor is deeply rewarding.

Dr. Paul  Hollywood Lecturer in Arts Languages & Study Abroad
Paul Hollywood is a graduate of the University of Kent at Canterburywhere he was awarded a Ph.D. in English Literature for his work in nineteenth century political fiction. After graduationPaul taught English and American Literature at the University of Kent for two yearsbefore moving to London to teach English for the Refugee Council UKand then to Ireland to teach drama and theatre studiesas an extension of his interests in modernism in literature. He taught at the National University of IrelandMaynooth from 1998 until 2009 and at DBS from 1999 to the present.

Paul William  McCormack Lecturer inProject Management
Paul is a Qualified Financial Advisor (QFA) and Project Manager located in Dublin-Ireland. With a combined professional experience over 10 years in Corporate Banking and Management Consulting his key skills include project managementfinancial managementleadership and change management.Paul is a Senior Technology Consultant at Deloitte Ireland and Part-Time Lecturer at Dublin Business School delivering various Project Management modules across the MBADegree and Professional Diploma programmes. With experience in project management techniques such as PRINCE2AgilePMI and LeanPaul has a keen interest in change transformationimplementation in the Financial Services Industry.
Paul is an individual who can provide visiona commitment to delivering cutting-edge analysisopinions and solutions in a classroom setting.

Dr. Pauline  Hyland Lecturer in Psychology
Dr. Pauline Hyland is a lecturer in Psychology at Dublin Business School for over twelve years and a visiting research fellow in the School of Nursing and Midwifery at Trinity CollegeDublin. She is also a member of the DBS Research Ethics Committee and the Chair of the DBS Psychology Research Ethics Filter Committee and the Head of Undergraduate Research in Psychology at DBS. Her Ph.D. focused on some of the predictive factors and outcomes of involvement in traditional and cyberbullyingspecifically the ‘dark triad’ (NarcissismMachiavellianism and Psychopathy) of personalitymental healthsocial supportself-efficacy and coping. Her teaching centres on research methods and analysisquantitative and qualitative analysis and project support. She is also an editorial board member of Studies in Arts and Humanities Journal.

Dr. Piotr  Sadowski Lecturer in ArtsLanguages & Study Abroad
Born in PolandDr. Sadowski has lived in Ireland since 1991where he taught at Trinity College DublinUniversity College DublinAmerican College Dublinand Dublin Business School. Dr. Sadowski is marriedwith two grown-up sons. His hobbies include reading history and popular science booksphotography and filmmakinghill-walking during the summer and cross-country skiing in the winter.

Dr. Rosie  Reid Academic Director in Human and Social Sciences
After completing her undergraduate degree in Applied Psychology in the University of UlsterDr. Rosie Reid received her Doctorate in Behavioural Neuroscience and Psychology in 2004. The focus of her research was the restoration of neural development in a model of Congenital Hypothyroidism. Her other research interests included the neurophysiology and treatment of Alzheimer's Diseaseand the role of brain opioids in feeding behaviours.

Dr. Shahram Azizi Sazi Lecturer in Computing
Dr. Shahram is an IT and AI lecturer and senior researcher in Dublin Business School (DBS). He received his PhD in Data and Knowledge Processing from Trinity College Dublin in 2017which was funded by Science Foundation Ireland and LERO. Dr. Shahram received his MSc in Mathematical Statistics from University of TehranIranin 2009 and his BSc in Statistics from Razi UniversityKermanshahIran in 2006. He worked as a postdoctoral researcher at HPC group at UCDfrom 2017-18. He has also designed and developed various AI-based applications in different Business domains such as Health care sectorTransportationEnergyTelecom from 2017-19. His current research focus is on designingdeveloping and deploying different types of AI-based applications using Statistical learningMachine learning and Deep learning algorithms. Dr. Shahram is also interested in hybrid deep learning models for signal and video processingBig Data and MAS.

Dr. Shakeel  Siddiqui Lecturer inMarketing
Dr. Shakeel Siddiqui PhD is an established academician and authorand has been associated with DBS for over ten years. During his PhDhe was a recipient of Bank of Ireland Postgraduate Scholarship at DCUwhere he researched and published in the area of Digital Consumer Behaviourand later taught postgraduate modules in Marketing and Consumer Behaviour (2003-2008). Over the yearsDr. Siddiqui has acquired diverse professional and academic qualifications and has worked in a variety of industries. In his previous careersDr. Siddiqui managed the innovation and marketing division of a technology multinationalProject managed a large telecommunications projecttaught in an engineering universitydesigned and built light aircraftand conducted original research in the area of Aerospace Engineering.

Sharon  Sheehan Lecturer in Law
Sharon Sheehan has been lecturing at Dublin Business School since 1997. Amongst her other teaching workloadSharon teaches Paper F4 Corporate and Business Law for the ACCA and her students have been placed firstsecond and third in Ireland in previous exam diets. Sharon is also the examiner for Chartered Accountants Ireland – Law for AccountantsAccounting Technicians Ireland – Law and Ethicsand Certified Public Accountants Ireland – Corporate Laws and Governance. She teaches at Masters level in Employment Law with the IPA and has written an employment law manualas well as providing technical proof on textbooks such as A Guide to Being a Company Directorand An Introduction to Business Law.

Dr. Shazia A Afzal has an MSc in Mathematics from University of PunjabPakistan. She also obtained a Higher Diploma in Computer Science in 1998 and a PhD in 2006 from National University of Ireland. During her PhDshe worked as part of the Intelligent Information Retrieval research group in UCD. Her research interests include machine learninginformation retrievalXML mark-up and natural language processing; she has published a number of research papers and a book chapter in these areas. She received a best paper award for one of her research papers in the session Information Retrieval in 7th World Multi-Conference on SystemicsCybernetics and Informatics (SCI 2003). She has been with the IT departmentDublin Business School (DBS) since 2007. In DBSshe teaches several undergraduate and postgraduate modules and performs several academic duties such as dissertation and project supervisor for postgraduate students. Dr. Shazia is also the Subject Expert in Computing.

Stephen  Henderson Lecturer in Journalism
Stephen joined DBS in 2007. He previously lectured with the Open Universityand in the Further Education sector. Stephen’s teaching draws on and develops his research interests and experience. He has taught on a number of modules and degree programmes in the College including the BA (Hons) in Journalism and the BA (Hons) in Media and Cultural Studies. Alongside this teaching he has also supervised a number of undergraduate dissertations on a range of topics including: social media and journalism; celebrity culture; film genres; body image and the media; gender. He has just completed his second MA in Politics and International Relations at UCD where he completed a thesis on Humanitarian Intervention.

Vanessa  Hogarty Lecturer in Human and Social Sciences
A highly skilled researcher in the field of active labour market policies involving higher education. Vanessa Hogarty is a full-time lecturer at Dublin Business School on the Social Science/Studies programmes. The modules on which she teaches include Social PolicyQuantitative analysis using SPSSQualitative analysis using NvivoSociology of Irelandand Employability modules. Vanessa has a special interest in teaching methods for online learning in higher education and locating 'grey literature' for research purposes. Vanessa Hogarty is also the Subject Expert in Social Sciences.


Contact us related data 
Our admissions team can answer all of your questions about DBS and support you throughout the admissions process. They are available to provide personalised advice over the phone Monday-Friday 8.45am-5.15pm (except bank holidays and Easter and Christmas vacations) or you can email anytime.
Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
All Non EU overseas international students need to send their application to:International Department Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2D02 WC04,Ireland T: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]
For specific queries please e-mail the appropriate department as detailed below:
Accounts / Finance Office:[email protected]International Office:[email protected]Professional School:[email protected]Registrar's Office:[email protected]Careers & Appointments Services:[email protected]Library:[email protected]Exams Office:[email protected]European Office:[email protected]Student Services:[email protected]
Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any of the information on these web pages. While every effort has been made to ensure the information contained on this site is correctthe college is not liable for any errors or omissions.

​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
A mere two minute walk from St. Stephens Greenthe Luas and all main bus routesDBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier StreetGeorge's Street and Balfe Street are all within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city.Buses servicing Aungier Street directly are 9166565b6868a or 83. AllBus,DART,LuasandRailroutes service the city centre with terminals close to the College.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We will send you our prospectus via email based on your enquiry. Would you also like to receive a physical copy of the prospectus in the mail?
I would also like to receive a copy of the prospectus in the post
The information provided will be retained by DBS for use in connection with your course of study at Dublin Business School. Would you like to hear more about open events and other related information/programmes?
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
We welcome students from around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Dublin City.
We welcome students from all around the world to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
We welcome students from Europe to join an enriching academic experience in Ireland.
DBS offers a 16 week programme for US students who want to know more about Ireland
Programmes for International Students
Information on Ireland
US Study Abroad | Programmes

DBS student Ibla from Germany shares her journey at DBS. Ibla was awarded Student of the Year at the Graduation.
DBS student Tobias from Germany shares his experience at DBShighlighting how the variety of modules helped him discover his career path.
DBS student Luisa from Germany shares her experience at DBShighlighting academic support services that have made a difference in her studies.
DBS student Clara from France shares her experience at DBS and what she likes most about Dublin.
DBS student Roos from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS and shares some great advice for new students.
DBS student Betty from Belgium talks about her experience at DBShighlighting how the course’s practical approach helped her apply classroom learning to real-world experiences.

Fund for Students with Disabilities is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations  such as classroom assistants sign language interpretersa ssistive technologies etc


DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
European students have two options when deciding to study a semester at Dublin BusinessSchool. Each option is available in both the Spring (January) and Winter (September)semester.
Option A Undergraduate Semester Abroad or Postgraduate Semester Abroad (30 ECTS)
Students can choose a selection of modules from all programmes offered at DBS at bothBachelor and Masters level. This option allows you the flexibility to build on your currentknowledge in your field of study but also gives you the opportunity of studying somethingnew. Subject areas include BusinessMarketingArtsJournalismPsychologySocialScienceComputing and Accountancy. You can study up to 30 ECTS.
Option B Certificate in Global Business
For students who prefer to study a more specialised semesterthey can choose to study the Certificate in Global Businessa Level 7 state-accredited certificate programmeand receive an internationally recognised certificate award in one semester. The Certificate in Global Businessis accredited by the Irish government body Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI) and is worth 30 ECTS credits. You will study five core modulesalong with having the flexibility of choosing one elective course. To view full course information for the Certificate in Global Business,click here.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Dublin Business School promotes opportunities for transfer and progression by European students onto one of our year-long programmes. Students may choose to study on one of our Bachelor/Masters degrees and graduate with a state-accreditedinternationally recognised degree. Alternativelystudents have the opportunity to join us to study a range of modules over one academic year allowing students’ greater flexibility to choose modules they wish to study.
European students may have the opportunity to join the final year (Year 3) of a bachelor programme (in Ireland full-time bachelor programmes are typically three years duration) and receive the bachelor award if they meet the prerequisite entry requirements of the programme. This is a very popular option with students from our European partner schools and will provide students with a very attractive qualification when they enter the job market. Bachelor programmes are offered in our Winter and Spring intake (subject to demand). Students can choose from a wide range of bachelor programmes offered at Dublin Business School subject to meeting the entry requirements.See all Undergraduate programmes here.
Students with appropriate qualifications that meet the entry requirements can also apply tojoin a Master’s programme at Dublin Business School. In Ireland full-time Mastersprogrammes are typically one-year duration.See all Postgraduate programmes here.
Year-Long Academic Programme
Students who wish to have greater flexibility to choose the modules they would like to study for one year can join our year-long academic programme (60 ECTS). Our year-long academic programme is available to students in the September intake only.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The first step is to consult with the International Office in your school as they may organise the application process with DBS and will send your documents on your behalf. If your International Office does not have a partnership with DBS and you wish to apply as a ‘free mover’please submit your application directly to our European admissions team at[email protected].
Application documents:
[1] Please complete the European Application FormDownload the PDFand type answers using a keyboard.One Semester options:• Undergraduate Semester programme 30 ECTS• Certificate in Global Business (QQI award) 30 ECTS• Postgraduate Semester programme 30 ECTSFull Academic Year options:Please indicate year of entry to DBS and include the name (and stream if relevant of the DBS programme)• Ordinary Bachelor Degree Level 7• Bachelor of ArtsHonours Degree Level 8• Postgraduate Degree Level 9• Year-Long Semester Abroad 60 ECTS[2] A copy of Passport or National ID Card[3] Evidence of English Language ProficiencyFor applicants whose first language is not Englishyou must provide an internationally recognised English language test score (e.g. B2+ for CEFRL, 6.0 for IELTS105 for DuolingoB2+ for Cambridge English (ESOL Level 2)76 for TOEFL IBT and 52-57 for PTE).English proficiency exams must be dated within the last 2 years.Please check under the individual programme requirements for any specific variance inentry requirements.
[4] Official Degree Transcripts for each year and each semester to dateTranslation is required for documentation and transcripts not produced in English.If you are applying directly you can email your documents to[email protected]or post them to:European Admissions Department,Dublin Business School,13-14 Aungier Street,Dublin 2.The Admissions team will review your application and notify you of their decision. If you are offered a placein order to formally accept it you will need to sign the offer letter.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
The DBS campuses are all located in central Dublinwith extensive transport links to the greater Dublin area. We aim to help students to find accommodation within this area.
If you are successful in securing a place to study at Dublin Business School you will find our Accommodation Guide useful.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Tuition fees for European students applying for entry in either our Winter or Spring semester are listed below:Tuition fees for undergraduate semester  = €3,050
Tuition fees for certificate programmes (30 ECTS) = €3,050
Tuition fees for postgraduate semester = €4,450Tuition fees for year long undergraduate academic programmes (including Bachelor's degree) = from €6,060Tuition fees for Postgraduate programmes = Our Masters fees vary in price. Thereforeplease refer to the fees section on the programme page of our websiteSee a full list of EU fees
Europe Admissions TeamDublin Business School13/14 Aungier St.Dublin 2IrelandT: +353 1 417 7500E:[email protected]
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Drop in Advice Sessions
We offer free drop in advice sessions to offer you career advice and guidance to ensure you make the right decision. You can drop in to our Aungier Street buildingMonday Friday from 8.45 17.15and a member of our admissions team would be delighted to discuss the various study options available to you.
The Admissions OfficeDublin Business School13/14 Aungier StreetDublin 2IrelandT: + 353 (0) 1 4177500E:[email protected]Our Admissions Team opening hours are 8.45am – 5.15pmMonday – Friday. We look forward to welcoming you.
Connect with us on social media
Like 'Dublin Business School' on Facebook.
Follow@dbscollegeon Twitter.
JoinDBScollegeon Instagram.
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
DBS was established in 1975

before applying for an Irish visa students are required to pay their tuition fees in full to DBS. 

non-EU international students can work 20 hours per week during term time in Ireland. 

non-EU students allowed to work up to 40 hours per week during holiday periods. 

 International Student Services Team at DBS provide support of registration and orientation, immigration services and advice, international student letters, accommodation advice, general advice and support, social and cultural activities, and further study information

primary focus of Dublin Business School is to to provide a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes.
DBS was initially established to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies

Accounting and Finance provide a critical backbone for almost every business.In DBSwe cover every area of the spectrum of Financial Services.
Studying arts at DBS will develop your skills in different disciplines such as Humanities Psychology Media Studies Film Literature and Drama.
Find out more about our specialised areas in Business such as Administration Marketing Management Human Resources and Information Systems.
We offer a broad range of courses in Counselling & Psychotherapy. Choose from full & part-time courses & get a qualification that you can build a career with.
We cover the most popular technological areas in Business Information Systems Cloud Computing Internet Marketing and Web Design.
If you are interested in following a career in lawour courses include Legal & Business Studies Busines LawLL.B in Irish Law. At DBSwe have a reputation for excellence in Law.
Open up the world of marketing advertising and event management. We will give you all the industry insights practical experience and thought-leadership.
The world of media and journalism are driven by the spread of digital technology and social media. We cover courses in FilmLiterature Drama Journalism and Cultural Studies.
DBS is one of Ireland's leading colleges to study professional accountancy. Our reputation is built on having selected academics with over 15 years of experience.
Learn about numerous fascinating study areasfrom behavioural science to cognitive development to social policy development social work and research.
DBS OnDemand is specifically designed for online learning. It gives you the best of both worlds combining the structure of a tutor-led course with the flexibility to start studying anytime anywhere.

DBS Library Related Information
Monday to Friday 9:00am 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 5:00pmA ll HOURS
Monday to Friday 9:00am 5:00pm Saturday 9:00 5:00pm
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.LOG A TICKET
Have a problem? Reach out to the Library and IT.
All the information you need about how to use the library and more. LEARN MORE
All the information you need about how to use the library and more.
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions. WORKSHOPS LIST
Check out the library workshops and academic support sessions.
DBS Library has a variety of tailored resources for all types of users and needs.
Click below to find out more:
As the days grow longerour opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
As the days grow longerour opening hours get shorter. We are now open Monday to Saturday9am to 5pm.See all the opening hours here!
Best Library Team 2025
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Library team has been named Best Library Team at the Education Awards for the fourth time! Drop by during opening hours to see our new award.
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 312025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is accepting submissions until August 312025.Learn how you can get published here!
DBS Libraryin partnership with DBS Sparkis showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
DBS Libraryin partnership with DBS Sparkis showcasing all the amazing research that is coming out of our institution. Come and see our Research Wall during our opening hours!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
The library team offers a variety of online workshops that you can book during the Summer. Check out our full workshops list here!
Institutional repository
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Done with your dissertation? Or are you just looking for inspiration? Learn more about DBS eSource!
Subscribe to our library blog.
Keep up with the latest library news!


DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL 13/14 Angier StreetDublin 2,D02 WC04,Ireland.T: +353 1 417 7500E:admissions@dbs.ieDBS is part of KAPLAN INC. Provider of Education Services
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk.
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Angier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platformthe system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In additionyour IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library contentand the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
In this guideyou will find key information for all Library users. Library staff are available in person and online to help with any of your queries.
DBS Library and Academic Hub is an innovative and modern information and library service staffed by professionally qualified library personnel. The Library service occupies the 2nd floor of the Aungier Street building. In addition to quiet study space and extensive opening hoursthe Library is fully Wi-Fi enabled with open seating in our reading room. We also have an extensive online library comprising online databases and e-books which can be accessed 24 hours a day on or off campus.As librarians we know that navigating today’s information world can be confusing and intimidatingso we offer a programme of classes on searching for informationessay writing and more that are tailored to your needsincluding one to one support for information seekingessay writing and dissertation preparation. Our approachable and friendly staff are always on hand to answer any questions that you have throughout your studies.
A post shared by DBS Library (@dbs.library)
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk 4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platformthe system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In additionyour IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library contentand the information is not shared with any third parties.
Twitter:@DBSLibraryTwits
Instagram:@dbs.library
This guide contains all important information that faculty need to know about DBS Library.
DBS Library works with teaching departments in the college to make sure your teaching and research needs are met. If you have any questions or would like more information please do not hesitate to contact us
Resources for Students
DBS Library is located on the second floor of the Aungier Street Building.
There's two ways to access the library's resources:
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
Through the libraryyou can access a vast collection of booksebooksdatabasescase studiesas well as past exam papers.See information on each of them below.
How do I login?You can use your Moodle login to access library resources and databases.
BooksDBS Library has a print collection of over 40,000 items covering all subject areas.  The print collection is comprised of a Reference Collection and a Main Lending Collection. Loan types for books in the Main Lending Collection include 3-day loan1-week loan and 2-week loan.
To renew books via your library account please clickhere.Your can log in your using Moodle login details.
eBooksThe Library provides access to over 30,000 eBook titles across a number of platforms. This collection is continually expanding.
Search for books and eBooks using the catalogue search box below
The Library provides access to library databases across a wide range of subject areas to support teachinglearning and research at DBS. The databases contain a large portfolio of reportscase studiesjournal articlesnewspaper articles and much more.
EBSCO Discovery search
Material from the databases can be searched using a single search called EBSCO Discovery search.
Search for articles and more using the EBSCO Discovery search box below
Alternativelyto find a particular database you can use the A-Z database list. This guide provides access to each individual database and a short description of the material contained in each resource.
Search for a particular database using the A-Z database list search box below
Detailed information on how to search the databases can be foundhere
Sage Business Casesis a collection of more than 6000 cases from over 120 countries on a wide range of industries.
Faculty and students can access Sage Business Cases using their Moodle login details.
Additionallyfaculty can access instructor notes. Faculty should first login with their Moodle login details and then set up a profile for themselves. Once this process is completethey will need to contact the library and we will provide them with an instructor code to access additional content including instructor notes.
When using casesfaculty should follow guidance provided by the Learning Unithere.
Details about locating past exam papers can be foundhere.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
Reading lists are available in the Module Reading List link in the Module Information block as shown below. This will link to the online reading list for that particular module.
The online reading lists for your modules may contain books and online resources such as eBooksjournal articlesjournal titleswebsitesetc.
Clicking on a book title on an online reading list will show real-time availability and location in the library (classmark).
Any e-resource links will link directly to eBooks and other online resources when these are available.
For more information on developing or updating a reading list please consult theLibrary's guides for faculty
NotePlease check the module reading list link in each of your modules as soon as possible and email ouracquisition librarian.
Note that orders can take 2-6 weeks so let us know any changes to your lists early to ensure students have access to the necessary material.
If the book or subject area you are looking for is not covered in our print or eBook collectionsyou can suggest new titles by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Alternativelyyou can add your suggestion via yourlibrary account.This way you will automatically receive emails as the suggestion is accepted/rejectedordered and received. You will also be able to see the status of a suggestion on your library account.
Some publishers make inspection copies of their textbooks available to lecturers. An inspection copy may usually be retained by the lecturer if it is adopted for a course.
Further details can be obtained by contacting ouracquisition librarian.
Note Faculty must contact the publisher themselves to request an inspection copy.The procedures and conditions to request inspection copies may vary from one publisher to another.
Check out some of the latest library's acquisitions related to teaching.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
Besides offering resources and helping you prepare for teachingthe library also frequently runs workshops to support faculty and students.
The Library workshops aim to ensure that all DBS students will have necessary information literacy skills to succeed in their academic workin the workplace and beyond.
The topics covered in our workshops include:
The library workshop pageprovides full details of the workshops the library offers.
Research shows that there is a positive correlation between these types of information literacy instruction and student success (ACRL,2017).
DBS Library has adapted a new Information Literacy Model to inform its information literacy practice. This model is called the Framework for Information in Higher Education developed by the Association of College and Research Libraries (ACRL). This model reflects the needs of students in a rapidly changing information landscape where students are both creators and consumers of information. This model emphasizes the key importance of behaviors like self reflection and self direction learning in the learning environment.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
These library guides have been created by our IL and Research Team in support of student and faculty research activities:
The DBS Applied Research and Theory Journal is an international open access journal that accepts submissions from researchersstudentsand practitioners both within the DBS community and externally from all disciplines.
Check out ourDBS Library Press Guideto learn more about how to get your work published.
If you would like to see all issues of the journalvisit the DBS  Applied Research Journal website.
the DBS  Institutional Repository(eSource) hosts articlesfinal-year projectsthesesconference papersbook chapters and moreall produced by DBS staff and students. Having your work available and easily accessible online is a great way to elevate your academic and professional profile.
The library highly encourages staff submissionsand all information on our guides and polices can be found on oureSource guide.
If you have any questionsplease reach out to theResearch Librarianorbook a one-to-one appointment.
If you have any research related inquires you can book a one-to-one meeting with the Research Librarian by clicking the button below.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub 2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
The Learning Unit (LU)at DBSstaffed by Bernadette Higgins (Senior Educational Developer) and Sylwia Plucisz (Educational Developer) plays a pivotal role in supporting academic management and advancing teaching and learning. Our mission is to promote excellencefoster innovationand enhance collaboration across all areas of education.
Our core objectives include providing Continuous Professional Development (CPD) for faculty helping them to design and implement evidence-basedpedagogically sound Learning Teaching and assessment strategies.
LU primarily supports lecturing faculty but also offers resources and training to other learner support staff. We host drop-in "Ask Me Anything" (AMA) sessions for personalised advicealongside a range of self-service resources such as video tutorialsCPD lessonsand instructional guides. We also guide new faculty members through all DBS Learning Technologies and support their journey towards earning professional badges by completing DBS Module Pathway OnDemand lessons.
LU works alongside other departments in DBS such as SESUExamsAcademic OperationsRegistrarLibraryITContent Production and Student Experience to ensure that faculty training is informed by all areas of the DBS Learning Ecosystem.
Beyond internal supportLU offers faculty the chance to pursue the Advance HE Fellowship in Teaching and Learning in Higher Education. We also promote external development opportunitiessuch as AHEAD UDL badges and other professional HE badges provided by the National Forum.
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
Use our online tool to book study rooms in the library.
Book a 1-1 Consultation
Meet one on one with one of our experts and get help with your researchassignment planningand academic writing.
Upcoming Library and Academic Support Workshops
Time Zone:
    UKIrelandLisbon Time
            (change)
Select a Library or Academic Support calendar to see what's available.
Need more help? Get in contact with us here!
CONTACT US+353 (0)1-4170660 Helpdesk
DBS Library and Academic Hub2nd Floor13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2Ireland D02 WC04
To use this platformthe system writes one or more cookies in your browser. These cookies are not shared with any third parties. In additionyour IP address and browser information is stored in server logs and used to generate anonymized usage statistics. Your institution uses these statistics to gauge the use of library contentand the information is not shared with any third parties.

Students News Page.

accommodation options for DBS students include Halls of Residence, shared houses or apartments, homestays, and private rented accommodation.

The CAO (Central Applications Office) process is important not just to studentsbut to other members of the family too. Unfortunatelysome parents can feel left out of this process. Additionallythey may not have experience with the online CAO system. Sohere’s a guide to the CAO aimed at parents and guardians. Hopefully this will help not just with the process itselfbut as a guide on what to talk about and how to discuss this process.In this postwe will be using the phrase ‘parent’but of coursethis advice is applicable to anyone who’s a carer for someone of Leaving Certificate agewhether you’re a stepparentfoster parentcarer or relative.
When talking to Leaving Cert students about college courseslook at it from as many angles as possible.
1. Favourite subjects
Talk to them about their preferred subjects and favourite parts of school. Notethis doesn’t necessarily mean the subjects they get the highest grades in!
2. Personal interests
What are their strengths and talents? What are their hobbies? And are any of them relevant to a future career? For instanceif they’re captain of a teammanagement might be an option. Maybe they’ve shown an entrepreneurial flair alreadyin which case business could be the route for them. Or they are empathetic and interested in human rights and justicewhich might point to a career in the psychologylawcharity/NGOor nonprofit sector.
3. Previous work experience
By the time the student is filling out the CAO formthey might have had work experience in TY (transition year) or in a summer or part time job. This might give them a steer in what they likeor dislikeabout working life.
Find and browse a college prospectus for any college that’s under consideration. A prospectus usually contains information about the institution and the available coursesincluding minimum requirements for coursesstudent experience opportunitiesand other support services available to students.
Read the prospectus for information about the different coursesmodules and subjectsespecially for the first yearto see if the subjects or college are a good fit. For exampleare they more suited to practical assignments or academic learning? Alsoare there any subjects in the course that might prove especially challenging?
Encourage the student to pick up information at school’s career fairsand events such as Higher Options in the RDS. Alsodon’t forget to register for eventssuch asDBS’s open events.
5. Routes to the course
Maybe most importantbut a piece of advice often ignored: List courses in order of preferencenot in order of point requirements. In other wordsthe most-preferred choice should be what’s top of the list.
It’s not just academic talent and preferences that decide on a CAO course. Other factors include:
Minimum entry requirements (for example,here are the minimum requirements for DBS)
Job market in relation to the qualification earned
Other routes: It’s worth examining whether or not there are routes to the course beyond the traditional Leaving Certificate points race. Some diploma courses can then lead to degree coursesfor instance.
One aspect of CAO application that can slip through the net is deadlines. There’s no shortage of key datesso parents and students alike should keep a calendar or diary of key dates.
For the most up-to-date important CAO datesplease visit theCAO website.
The CAO will be in regular contact with students throughout this processso it’s helpful to be aware in advance of the important emails that will be winging their way to the applicant’s inbox. The student will receive regular correspondence throughout the application stage. Make sure to remind the student about these emails regularlyand when they arriveto collectively and thoroughly read these emailsand especially to notify CAO immediately if you spot any errors or omissions.
Application number email
This is the first correspondence applicants will get from CAOand a pretty important one. They should receive it immediately after applying online. The automated e-mail will have the applicant’s application numberan e-mail verification code and the application details. Remind applicants to write down their CAO application number and keep it somewhere safe and easy to findas it will be needed for future correspondence.
Statement of Application Record
Before June (probably before the end of May) every applicant should receive a Statement of Application Record. This is a significant emailgiving the applicant the chance to review their account informationand correct it if an error slipped through.
Offer Notification/Statement of Application Record
(August or earlier) At this stagehopefullythe prospective student will get notification of an offeror a Statement of Application. A statement of application means they didn’t get an offer in this round.Make sure that the applicant checks that all the information the CAO has on file is correct.If they get an offer notificationthis means that they are entitled to a place on one of their Level 8 or Level 7/6 courses (or possibly both).
Let’s look at this from two angles. Firstlythe emotional one. Don’t panic if they don’t get their first choice straight away. The second choice might be just as goodor you can wait until the second round of offers.
If they do accept an offerit’s vital that they accept the offer (online) by the reply date given.
If they are in the fortunate position of having an offer from both liststhey have to choose between them.
Accepting a round one offer doesn’t stop students from getting offers in later rounds. If they accept a new offerthey must inform the HEI. The new offer automatically cancels the previous one.
The best way to contact CAO is via theCAO website. For urgent enquiriesthey are also contactable at 091 509800. Howeveras you might expectit can be hard to get through at busy times of the yearso online correspondence is recommended in most circumstances.
How to fill in the CAO
Changing Your Mind on Your CAO Form: A Step-by-Step Guide for Applicants
AndDBS has several courses across a range of disciplines. Nothing beats visiting a college campus in personand you can find a wealth of information at one of ouropen events.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
Deciding on your future can feel overwhelmingand it’s completely normal to have second thoughts about your CAO course choices. Perhaps you’ve discovered a new passionreceived updated career adviceor simply want to explore different options. The good news?
The CAO Change of Mind process allows you to update your course preferencesensuring you make the best possible decision for your future.
If you submitted your initialCAO applicationby the February 1st deadlineyou can modify your choices within the designated Change of Mind period. This guide will walk you through the entire processcovering key datesstep-by-step instructionscommon concernsand expert tips to help you make informed decisions.
The CAO Change of Mind process is a facility that allows applicants to amend their course selections after their initial submission. This option is particularly beneficial if you’ve had a change in interestsachieved different grades than expectedor received new insights about your chosen career path.
To be eligibleyou must have submitted an initial CAO application by February 1st. If you meet this requirementyou can adjust your choices as many times as you wish within the Change of Mind period—completely free of charge.
Understanding the key dates for the Change of Mind process is essential to ensure you don’t miss out on making adjustments. The process operates within a set timeframe each year:
Start Date:The Change of Mind facility typically opens in early Mayallowing students to begin changing their course choices.
End Date:The final deadline for submitting any changes isJuly 1st at 5 PM. After this pointno further modifications can be made.
Updating your CAO choices is a straightforward process. Follow these steps to ensure your changes are recorded correctly:
Log in to your CAO account Visit theCAO websiteand enter your login details under the ‘My Application’ section.
Navigate to the Change of Mind section Once logged infind the ‘Change of Mind’ facilitywhere you will be able to view your current course selections.
Update your courses You can addremoveor reorder courses as needed. It’s important to list them in your genuine order of preference—placing your most desired course first.
Save your changes Click ‘Continue with course changes’ to confirm your updates. Ensure you review all selections before continuing.
Verify your changes After submissionyou should receive an acknowledgement email from CAO. Double-check this email to confirm that all modifications have been recorded correctly.
Can I add new courses?
Yesthe CAO Change of Mind facility allows you to add new coursesremove existing ones or reorder your preferences. Explore yourCAO course options at DBS.
What if I miss the deadline?
Missing the July 1st deadline means you will not be able to make any further changes. Your most recent selections before the deadline will be the final ones considered for admission.
Will changing my mind affect my chances of getting an offer?
Noyour order of preference is what matters most. CAO processes applications based on the highest course preference for which you meet the entry requirements. If you qualify for multiple coursesyou will only receive an offer for the highest-listed course on your list.
If you’re thinking of making changes to your course choicesconsider the following:
Evaluate your interests and strengths: Think about what subjects you enjoy and where your skills lie. Choosing a course that aligns with your interests will make your studies more fulfilling.
Research thoroughly: Look into course contentcareer prospectsand points requirements. Check university websitesattend open daysor speak with current students.
Seek advice: Guidance counsellorsteachersand even current students can offer valuable insights into course suitability and career paths.
Consider practical factors: Financial implicationstraveland accommodation should also play a role in your decision-making process.
Making the right changes is importantbut so is avoiding common pitfalls. Here are some mistakes to steer clear of:
Missing the deadline: Ensure you finalise changes before July 1st at 5 PM.
Forgetting to save changes: Always confirm that your changes have been saved correctly.
Not checking points requirements: Some courses have high points thresholdsso make sure you meet the entry criteria before adding them.
Following peer pressure: Choose courses based on your personal interests and goalsrather than what friends are selecting.
If you need further guidancethere are plenty of resources available to help:
CAO Change of Mind page– The official CAO resource with full details on the process.
CAO Support – Contact the CAO directly if you experience any issues.
Guidance Counsellors – Many schools offer one-on-one guidance sessions to help you make an informed decision.
If you have selected DBS as one of your options and have any questionsplease get in touch with our Admissions Team at[email protected]or 01 417 7500
1. How many times can I change my course choices?You can make as many changes as you like within the Change of Mind period at no additional cost.
2. Will I receive confirmation of my changes?Yesafter submitting changesan acknowledgement email will be sent to your registered email address. Always verify the details to ensure accuracy.
The CAO Change of Mind process is designed to give you flexibilityallowing you to make the best decision for your future. Take your timeseek adviceand remember—this is your journey. Use this opportunity wiselyand don’t hesitate to reach out for guidance if you need it.
Do you have more questions about the CAO Change of Mind process? Explore our other CAO resources or reach out to our Admissions Team at[email protected]for personalised guidance. Making the right choice today can shape your future success!
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
DBS has become the first independent higher education institution (HEI) to complete the CINNTE review process an institution-wide review process – which assesses and reports on the effectiveness of internal quality assurance systems.
Through its CINNTE cycle of reviews QQI assesses and reports on how effectively HEIs are maintaining and enhancing quality in education. The reviews explore how institutions have improved their teachinglearning and research systemsand how well institutions have aligned with their own missionquality indicators and benchmarks.
Anindependent teamof national and international experts completed a comprehensive review of the effectiveness of the QA system in DBSrecognising instances of good practice which deliver impact for students and staffand making recommendations on areas for improvement.
See the review report published by QQI.
The underlying framework of QQI is the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ)
DBS was recognised for its activities in a number of areas including:
Its approach to creating a sense of community for all students and a cultureof collegiality wherein staff and students are responsive to each other and the staff in particular take pride in advancing a student-centred ethos.
DBS adopts student-centred and active learning approaches, including collaborative projects, case studies, and technology-enhanced learning.
Its commitment to continuous improvement and to developing a quality culture across the entire organisation through self-reflectioncollaboration and inclusive approaches.
Its multi-layered approach to identifying areas for improvement at programme level which when aggregated can affect systematic change under particular themes at discipline level.
The dedication and enthusiasm of the ASC staff and the comprehensive structure of supports throughout the student journeyincluding library support for both students and teachers.
The comprehensive validation process in DBS that includes a wide range of stakeholders who are encouraged to engage fully in the programme development and decision-making processes thus fostering greater transparency and inclusiveness.
Speaking on the publication of the reportProfessor Sander SvaeriRector at Oslo New University CollegeNorwaywho chaired the DBS review team said,
“DBS did an outstanding job hosting the committee; they were well prepared and professional. When meeting representatives from each sectionit was evident that quality practices and preparations for the visit were rooted throughout the entire organisation. The review team was especially impressed by DBS's ability in advancing a student-centred culture. It was obvious to us that they take pride in caring for the students' learning and well-being. We could also see a quality culture focused on paying attention to and continuously improving different aspects of quality throughout the institution.”
Responding to the publication of the reportTim BicknellPresident of DBS said,
"DBS is delighted to see the publication of the QQI CINNTE report. The process was constructivesearching and enabled a highly valuable process of self-reflection. That process has enabled DBS to strengthen further in our absolute commitment to our studentstheir journey through DBS and beyond and quality in all aspects of teachinglearning and assessment. The review also reinforced the value being generated by the strong governance framework we have in place locally through our Board and internationally through our parentKaplan. We are in a strong place as we celebrate our 50th anniversary in 2025 and look to grow further in Ireland and abroad. The review team's observation that we are "creating a quality culture with faculty and staff who care for their students" was heartening to see. That focus sits at the heart of our culture.
I would like to thank the panel for the positive approach they took and the insights they generated through their approach. Many thanks to QQI too who have guided us constructively through this process. I would also like to thank the entire DBS team who engaged professionally and with genuine pride throughout the process.”
FinallyDr Padraig Walsh commended DBS on its engagement with the Cinnte review processremarking,
“QQI's CINNTE review cycle plays a crucial role in ensuring and overseeing the quality of higher education in Ireland. The publication of this report is an important milestone for the larger independent/private higher education institutions as they are now included in the cycle of institutional reviews. QQI welcomes the findings of the review team highlighting DBS’s student-centred ethostheir approach to creating a sense of community and commitment to continuous improvement of the quality culture across the organisation. Equallythe report outlines recommendations which will help DBS to further strengthen its education offerings and continue to deliver high-quality outcomes for all its students.”DBS CINNTE Quality Review Profile 2025
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
Athena SWANestablished by the UK Equality Challenge Unit in 2005is an internationally recognised framework and accreditation scheme. It celebrates best practices in promoting gender equality across higher education and research institutions.
The Bronze Award is not just a recognitionit is a commitment. As part of this awardwe have developed an ambitious 58 item action planwhich we will implement over the next four years to further embed gender equality across all levels of our institution. This award will be valid until November 2029.
This significant milestone reflects our deep commitment to advancing gender equality and fostering a culture of representationprogressionand success across our institution. This achievement is a testament to the unwavering dedication and hard work of our Self-Assessment Team and the broader commitment of our staff and students to creating an equitable and inclusive environment.
We are profoundly grateful for everyone’s contributions that made this possible. Togetherwe can build an even strongermore inclusive community at DBS.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL
Click here for the Students News Page.
DBS has partnered with Hidden Disabilities Sunflower to become the first educational institution in Ireland to formally recognise the Sunflower
Demonstrating support to those with non-visible disabilities is part of the DBS’s ambition to make everyone feel comfortable and accepted here
The Sunflower is recognised in many countries around the world
TodayDBS has become the first Irish Educational Institution to officially recognise the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower.
At the launchTim BicknellPresident of DBSsaid:
“We are proud of DBS and the diverse and inclusive culture it has built.
1 in 5 people in Ireland have a disability and 80% of these are non-visible. Soin line with the DBS value to empower and supportwe have joined the Hidden Disabilities Sunflower Initiative we want everyone to feel comfortable and accepted here.
We would like all of DBS staff across faculty and offices to be equipped to recognise a Sunflower wearer and respond accordinglyto help create a more inclusiveunderstanding DBS.”
Students at DBS can choose to wear a Sunflower lanyardwristband or pin to indicate a non-visible disability. The Sunflower is a discreet way of saying 'I might need extra helpunderstandingor just more time'.
DBS Faculty and Staff have been trained to understand what an invisible disability is and how best to approach and support Students wearing the Sunflower. All new staff will be trained during induction and the DBS Disability and Inclusion OfficerHamza Razaqalong with the Well-being Officer of the DBS Students’ Union will actively promote and support the initiative amongst the Student population.
Increasing the awareness and acceptance of non-visible disabilities will provide a more inclusive learning environment for students.
DBS has almost 9,000 studentsfrom over 80 countriesstudying at Undergraduate and Postgraduate levels in 2024.
Paul WhiteCEO of Hidden Disabilities Sunflowersaid:
“We are delighted that Dublin Business School has become a member of the Hidden Disabilities Sunflowercommitting to fostering a welcoming and disability-inclusive environment for students and staff. DBS attracts students from around the worldand the beauty of the Sunflower removes the language barrier. It is a non-verbal indicator that the wearer has a non-visible disabilitysignalling that they may need an offer of supportempathyunderstanding and kindness.”
For more informationplease contact[email protected]
Since the Sunflower was established in the UK in 2016 it has been adopted globally by organisations to support their colleagues and customers. The Sunflower is recognised across a broad range of sectors ranging from retailfinancial servicestransport including over 285 airports and 18 airlinestravel and tourismeducation as well as healthcareemergency service and entertainment. With a strong global presencethe Sunflower is a private multinational company headquartered in the UK that has operations in AustraliaBelgiumBrazilCanadaDenmarkIrelandLatin Americathe NetherlandsNew ZealandMauritiusthe UAEthe UK and the USA.
For further informationplease visit theHidden Disabilities Sunflower website.
Thank you for the comment! Your comment must be approved first
You've already submitted a review for this item
Thank you! Your review has been submitted successfully
Log into be able to comment
Comment cannot be empty
You typed the code incorrectly. Please try again
​DUBLIN BUSINESS SCHOOL


DBS Student Experience
Welcome to Dublin Cityand to DBS!Dublin is our campusit is a historicvibrant and beautiful citywhere there is always something going on. DBS will provide an outstanding Student Experience and enable strong academic outcomes. We promote a community and culture that is focussed on your well-being and success.Students are the primary focus of DBSand we realise that there is a lot more to college than what goes on inside the classroomwhat is also hugely important is to have a lively college life making friends and memories that will last long after your time in the classroom has ended.
The welfare of our students is of the utmost importance and the dedicated Student Services Department caters exclusively for student needs.  In DBS we take a holistic view to college lifeintegrating academia with a stimulating social scene.
The Student Services Team serves to:
• Offer informationadvice and support to all students of the Collegebe it accommodationfinancialJ1 visa advice or study problems
• Facilitate the personal and academic development of the student
• Offer a variety of support from personal advice to organising sports teams
• Place an emphasis on empowering the student and facilitating their development.
• Provide an interface between staff and students
• Provide a forum for student input into academic and administrative matters
• Provide a channel for information to be passed on to students
• FinallyStudent Services provides a public face for the College both to students and those outside the College
Our Student Services department looks after the academiccultural and personal needs of our students. The department works as an important interface between college staff and our studentsdelivering information to students and taking feedback on academic and administrative matters.Read more...
The school takes an active interest in the welfare of each and every student at DBS. The Student Services department is available to help with many aspects of student lifefrom finances to accommodationsstudy issues and travel and work visa applications. A confidential student counselling service is also available.Read more...
Because DBS is located in the heart of Dublin citya very wide range of accommodation is available to students. The Student Services department publishes an annual accommodation list for existing and prospective students. Although all accommodation agreements are made between the student and the landlord or providerwe can provide advice and guidance.Read more...
A great way to meet people is to get involved in one of the many clubs and societies at DBScatering for the interests of all students. Off the sports field the college has plenty to offer through a variety of societies.Read more...
Like any collegeDBS hosts and promotes a number of student events throughout the year. These range from Freshers Week to the Halloween Ballthe Christmas BallGraduation ReceptionRag Week and more.Read more...
Radio DBS is our college-based podcast radio programme whose aim is to inform and entertain DBS students. Weekly podcasts are made available to students through the DBS website and regularly feature competitionsnews and useful college information along with the all important ‘craic’.
Because we believe that happyhealthy students make successfulfulfilled studentsDBS places a big emphasis on providing a range of sporting activities. Soccerbasketballsailingcricket and rugby are some of the most popular sports in DBS.Read more...

International Students
Dublin Business School is keen to ensure that all students experience equality of opportunity in reaching their educational potential and we welcome applications from students with disabilitieslearning difficulties or long term illnesses.  We offer a wide range ofeducational supportswhich can be arranged by registering with the Learner Supports Service.
If you are considering applying to DBS you are very welcome to come in and have a chat with the Disabilities Support Officer prior to completing an application. We understand you may have some concerns about studying at third level and about the support you can expect to receive. We would be happy to talk through the options with you to allow you to make an informed decision about where to study.
The DBS Learner Supports Service was established with the sole objective of promoting equality of access to learners with disabilities and we welcome applications from students with disabilities. We are committed to ensuring that you can successfully pursue your chosen qualification with us and in order to support this commitmentwe endeavour to provide the necessary support and facilities to students who may require it.
The Disabilities Support Officer is the primary point of contact for all applicants to the college who may require additional support throughout their time with us. Students applying directly to the college will be required to indicate on their application forms that they have a specific learning difficultyongoing / long term illness or disability and will then be contacted by the Admissions Office / Disabilities Support Officer who will discuss the details of the support services available in more detail.
You may also be required to complete a Disability Information Form which will be sent to you once your application has been processed. This form is used to clarify the supports you may have received to date and to ascertain if there is anything additional that we can offer you.
Applicants who are applying through the CAO are encouraged to indicate on their application formsany disabilityongoing illness or specific learning difficulty for which they may require additional support.  Applicants should then go on to complete a Supplementary Information Form which requests additional information on the disability and/or specific learning difficulty and these details are then presented to the HEIs.
Once a Supplementary Information Form is received by the college you will be contacted by the Admissions Office to offer you the opportunity to come in to discuss the various supports available to you and to ensure that your particular requirements can be facilitated. Please note that all information will be treated in the strictest confidence.We recommend that you consult page 7 of the CAO Handbook for full details on disclosing a disability and the Supplementary Information Form if you have not already done so.
If you have declared a disability as part of your application to DBS then our admissions staff will arrange an appointment with the Disabilities Support Supports Officer for you. This will allow us to discuss your needs and any concerns with you in advance of your accepting a place on a DBS programme.If you have not declared a disability in your application then you can arrange an appointment with the Disabilities Support Officer at anytime before or after beginning your studies. We recommend that you register as early as possible as the sooner we are informed of your needs the sooner we can begin supporting you.
Appointments to meet the Disabilities Support Officercan be made by emailing[email protected]or calling 01 4177506. The Disabilities Support Officer is based in the student services hub on the fourth floor of the DBS Castle House building.

Our student’s voice is importantwith DBS participation in the National Student Engagement Programme (NStep) endorsing our desire to listen and action your voice.Students are centrally involved in decision making at DBS. We seek to create the conditionspolicies and culture that enable and encourage students to get involved.NStepEmbedding the Principles of Student Engagement
The DBS Student UnionAll Students are members of the Student Unionwhose officers cover 3 main areasWelfareEducation and Events.
The DBS Student UnionAll Students are members of the Student Unionwhose officers cover 3 main areasWelfareEducation and Events.
The DBS Student CouncilAll Students are members of the Student Councilwhich meets once a month feedsback to the College on a number of issues.
The DBS Student CouncilAll Students are members of the Student Councilwhich meets once a month feedsback to the College on a number of issues.
Class RepsEvery class and group nominates a class repwho completes the NStep Class Rep training programme.
Class RepsEvery class and group nominates a class repwho completes the NStep Class Rep training programme.
Student Peer MentorsHere to support and help fellow students find their way around DBS.
Student Peer MentorsHere to support and help fellow students find their way around DBS.
DBS Clubs and SocietiesStudent run and elect officers to all Clubs and Societies in DBS.
DBS Clubs and SocietiesStudent run and elect officers to all Clubs and Societies in DBS.
Student Representation on the Academic BoardThe SU President and Vice-Presidents represent Students on the Academic Board and a number of sub-boards in DBS.
Student Representation on the Academic BoardThe SU President and Vice-Presidents represent Students on the Academic Board and a number of sub-boards in DBS.

We believe that education lasts a life time.  The friends you meet in DBS will stay with you throughout your career.
We hope that you get some value from being a member of the groupsuch as re-connecting with former classmates or meeting new people who have studied in DBS. As the group content is led by its membersactive participation is encouraged. Dublin Business School will feed current news from the college to the group on a regular basis to complement those threads posted by group members and to generate discussion and interest.
Some of the benefits of joining the group include:
Finding and reconnecting with former classmates
Finding and reconnecting with former classmates
Catching up with news and events happening in your alma mater
Catching up with news and events happening in your alma mater
Getting updates on new programmes being delivered in DBS
Getting updates on new programmes being delivered in DBS
Creating threads and sharing information on topics that you think the group will find interesting and relevant
Creating threads and sharing information on topics that you think the group will find interesting and relevant
Join today and find your former classmates.
You may also be interested in ourCorporate Partnership Network. Meet new peoplemake connectionsand enhance relationships at corporate events throughout the year with our Business Development Team.

English Language Requirements
DBS student Ibla from Germany shares her journey at DBS. Ibla was awarded Student of the Year at the Graduation.
DBS student Tobias from Germany shares his experience at DBShighlighting how the variety of modules helped him discover his career path.
DBS student Luisa from Germany shares her experience at DBShighlighting academic support services that have made a difference in her studies.
DBS student Clara from France shares her experience at DBS and what she likes most about Dublin.
DBS student Roos from Belgium talks about her experience at DBS and shares some great advice for new students.
DBS student Betty from Belgium talks about her experience at DBShighlighting how the course’s practical approach helped her apply classroom learning to real-world experiences.


From School to College  Your First 100 Days at DBS
The first 100 days at college are often considered a pivotal period that can significantly shape a student's overall experience and success. This initial phase (or first 12 weeks) is not just about attending classes and finding your way around campus; it’s about laying a strong foundation for your academic journeybuilding essential relationshipsand establishing habits that will support you throughout your college years.
Throughout this period you will get a chance to meet our various support teams such as the Student Experience Teamyour Students’ UnionSESU TeamLecturersLibrary staffand our Careers Hub who all support students in developing the skills they need to succeed with their college journey.
Students can also expect tons of fun events and exciting activities which offer opportunities to socialiseinteract and explore new areas of interest.
Here’s a quick guide to getting you started during your First 100 Days at DBS.
College academics can be a major leap from secondary schoolwith increased expectations and a more self-directed learning approach. The first 100 days are crucial for adapting to this new academic environment. During this timestudents learn to manage their courseworkbalance multiple assignmentsand develop effective study routines. Establishing good academic habits early onsuch as attending lectures regularlyparticipating in discussionsand seeking help when neededcan set the tone for future academic success.
College is not just about academics; it’s also a time for social growth. The first 100 days are an opportunity to build your social networkwhich can greatly enhance your college experience. Making friendsjoining clubsand participating in campus events can help you find your community and create a sense of belonging. These social connections often become your support systemhelping you navigate the challenges of college life and providing a source of encouragement and motivation.
For many studentscollege is their first time living away from homewhich brings a new level of independence. The first 100 days are when you start learning how to manage this independencefrom handling your finances to taking care of your day-to-day needs. This period is also about learning to balance the freedom of college life with the responsibilities that come with it. Developing good time management skillscreating a routineand learning to make healthy decisions are all critical during this time.
College offers a wealth of opportunitiesand the first 100 days are the perfect time to start exploring them. Whether it’s joining a student organisationparticipating in extracurricular activitiesor attending career development workshopsgetting involved early can enrich your college experience. This is also a time to start thinking about your future goals and taking the first steps towards themsuch as exploring internshipsresearch opportunitiesor networking events.
The transition to college life can be challengingand the first 100 days are often when students face some of their biggest adjustments. Homesicknessacademic pressuresand the struggle to find a balance between work and social life can be overwhelming. Howeverthese challenges are also opportunities for growth. Learning to navigate these difficulties early on can build resilience and equip you with the skills to handle future obstacles more effectively.
The first 100 days at college are a formative time that can influence the rest of your academic journey. By focusing on building a strong academic foundationestablishing a supportive social networkembracing your independenceand taking advantage of the opportunities availableyou can set yourself up for a successful and fulfilling college experience. This period is not just about surviving the transition to college life; it’s about thriving in it and laying the groundwork for your future.
On Campus Student Experience Hub4th floorCastle HouseOn Email -[email protected]On Social -@dbsstudentexperience
the DBS  Students’ Union Teamwill be on hand each week to help make your college experience fun and enjoyable. The team will be supporting you from when you are inducted to the college and will be running great eventswhile also supporting your learning experience too. Make sure you say “Hey” to the guys if you see them around the campus or online.
These events happen on a weekly basis and are great opportunities to meet the SUmake some new friends and see all of the fantastic places that Dublin has to offer.
Each week our SU team will have a number of stimulating and enjoyable online social networking nights. These nights will include Language exchangesSpeed friendingSU Bingo LocoSilent Zoom Discos (not to be missed).
Our SU Welfare Team will have weekly online workshops and social evenings available to our students throughout the term. These workshops will cover important skills such as MindfulnessResilienceCoping during collegeand dealing with anxiety. Other fun social nights include our hugely popular tea & chats and of course SU paint & wine nights! (not to be missed).
Our Societies Programme will be an important part of our Student Experience this year. All of our societies will be active and running great events again this year. All students are welcome to join any society free of charge during our ‘Clubs & Socs Sign-Up Day’ in Freshers Week. Keep an eye out for our regular ‘Society Nights’ each week and get involved in their meetings and events.
Students will be invited to join and participate in all of the available Sports Clubs at DBS this year. Individual and team sports are available to everyone across Ireland and will take place at the specified sports facility of each club. Students can join any of our Sports Clubs during our ‘Clubs & Socs Sign-Up Day’ in Freshers Week.
The best and most talked about experiences happen on our Student Experience Trips each term. These will include our Surf Weekendstrips to Glendalough and other iconic day trips around Ireland. Make sure you come along!
We will have a number of key college events to look forward to within our Student Meet-Up Series. Make sure you get involved and take part in all of the action with our SU team.Each week throughout the academic term the Student Experience Team will arrange exciting and fun events for students to participate in. These experiences will give each of our students the opportunity to meet new people and see all of the best sights across Dublinand beyond.
• Student Meetup Series• Freshers Week• Bundoran Surf Weekend• International Fashion Show• Student Beach Clean-Up• Galway Trip• DBS Strategy Competition• International Surf Trip• Student Awards Ball
Tickets for our eventsincluding our Student Meet-Up Series are available through the DBS  Student Experience Eventbrite.


With over 40 student societiesDBS has something for everyone. Being involved in a society is a great way to make friendsdevelop your skills and enjoy the full student experience.You can join any of the DBS student societieshere.Societies include:Business SocietyComputer SocietyPsychology SocietyData Analytics SocietyComputer SocietyRainbow SocietyLaw SocietyDebating SocietyFintech SocietyFashion SocietyFilm SocietyPhotographic SocietyThe DBS Innovation SummitOrganised by the Business SocietyThe Start-Up SummitOrganised by the Business SocietyThe Fintech Society Breakfast SeriesPsychology WeekOrganised by the Psychology Society

DBS actively promotes the mental health and well-being of all members of our community.The mental and physical well-being of our studentsfaculty and administration teams is of utmost importanceand the College has committed to and benchmarked against theUniversity Mental Health Charter.Be it mental healthaccommodationfinancialvisastudy advice or physical well-beingthe Student Services Team are here to help. We have close ties with local medical services and can arrange an appointment at short notice.We provide students with a freeindependent counselling service where we refer you to a professional counsellor if required.
Regular Health and Well-Being Workshops:Managing AnxietyMental Health PlanSteps To WellbeingMindfulnessArt TherapySelf-Care
Regular Health and Well-Being Workshops:Managing AnxietyMental Health PlanSteps To WellbeingMindfulnessArt TherapySelf-Care
Access to Nightline Student Listening ServiceOutside College Hours
Access to Nightline Student Listening ServiceOutside College Hours
Staff and Student Leader training in “Safetalk”
Staff and Student Leader training in “Safetalk”
Student Union Welfare Team
Student Union Welfare Team
Free Counselling Services
Free Counselling Services

Students' Union (SU) Team
Welcome to the Dublin Business School (DBS) Students' Union!As the heart of student life on campusthe Students' Union (SU) is here to ensure that your time at DBS is not just about academicsbut also about making lifelong memoriesforging friendshipsand finding your voice within the college community.
The Students' Union at DBS is a student-led community dedicated to representingsupportingand advocating for all students. Whether you're a first-year student or approaching graduationthe SU is here to ensure your needs and interests are met. From organizing events to providing essential servicesthe SU plays a vital role in enhancing the student experience.
One of the core functions of the Students' Union is to represent the student body. The SU acts as a bridge between students and the DBS administrationensuring that your opinionsconcernsand ideas are heard and addressed. Whether it's about academic issuescampus facilitiesor student welfarethe SU is your voice within the collegeadvocating for changes and improvements that benefit the entire student community.
Life at DBS is vibrant and diversethanks in large part to the events and activities organised by the Students' Union. From social events like Fresher's Weekpartiesand cultural celebrations to educational workshops and guest lecturesthe SU ensures there's always something happening on campus. These events are a great way to meet new peopleexplore new interestsand create unforgettable experiences.
The SU is also responsible for supporting and managing a wide range of student-run clubs and societies. Whether you're interested in sportsartscultureor academicsthere’s likely a club or society for you. And if you can’t find one that matches your intereststhe SU can help you start your own! Joining a club or society is a fantastic way to engage with like-minded peersdevelop new skillsand enrich your college experience.
Getting involved with the Students' Union is easy and rewarding. Whether you want to join a clubattend an eventor run for a positionthe SU is always open to new members and ideas. You can start by visiting the SU Hub on campusattending the eventsor following them on social media to stay updated on what's happening.
At DBSthe Students' Union is more than just an organization; it's a community. A community that thrives on student participationinnovationand diversity. Your experience at DBS is what you make of itand the SU is here to help you make the most of it. Whether you're looking to make friendsdevelop skillsor simply enjoy your time at collegethe Students' Union is your go-to resource.
Stay in touch with us@dbsstudentexperience

Ticknock Forest Trip PRE Covid-19
To ensure everyone's safety and enjoyment we have some guidelines in place to make sure this meetup runs smoothly.
NO LARGE GROUPSTo avoid congestion please meet at the time and the location specified in the event tab.
NO LARGE GROUPSTo avoid congestion please meet at the time and the location specified in the event tab.
HAVE YOUR MASKSPlease bring your own face mask and wear it at all times if possible.
HAVE YOUR MASKSPlease bring your own face mask and wear it at all times if possible.
BRING YOUR OWN HAND SANITIZERSWe may be on the go and could have limited access to handwashing facilities.
BRING YOUR OWN HAND SANITIZERSWe may be on the go and could have limited access to handwashing facilities.
KEEP YOUR DISTANCETry to minimise your contact inside 2m with others as much as possible.
KEEP YOUR DISTANCETry to minimise your contact inside 2m with others as much as possible.
KEEP TO YOURSELFTry to avoid sharing things if possibleeven if you are good friends/living together.
KEEP TO YOURSELFTry to avoid sharing things if possibleeven if you are good friends/living together.
STAY SAFE AT ALL TIMESStick to Government guidelines when getting around or on public transport.
STAY SAFE AT ALL TIMESStick to Government guidelines when getting around or on public transport.
BE RESPONSIBLE & DO THE RIGHT THING!Stick to our guidelines so we can all have a fun and safe experience.
BE RESPONSIBLE & DO THE RIGHT THING!Stick to our guidelines so we can all have a fun and safe experience.
ASK YOUR STUDENT LEADERS!If you need any help or have any questions ask your designated Student Leader.
ASK YOUR STUDENT LEADERS!If you need any help or have any questions ask your designated Student Leader.
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students!To break the ice on your first day back our Students Union have set up a fun and exciting online student networking night. Get to know some of the people in your course and some of DBS’s vibrant cast of characters. This event is a must for those looking to start their year off right!>>Zoom link will be issued once students have received their ticket.
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students Student ID Required.To kick off the new academic yearjoin the Student Experience Team for a unique event at the iconic Forty Foot in Sandycove. Our team will be bringing you for a real Dublin experience with a refreshing jump off the Forty Foot Jump into the Irish Sea. This is a great way to start your time in DBS as the Forty Foot is one of Ireland's most famous bathing spots and even features in the opening of the famous novel “Ulysses” by James Joyce.So sign up with the link below. Bring a towela bathing suit and some drinks for afterwards as we will encourage some socially distant socialising. Oh! And bring some extra warm clothes for afterwards too.Our Student Leaders will meet you at our allocated meeting spotso keep an eye on your email for the meet up location!Don’t miss out on the best way to start your weekend with the Student Experience Team!Students will need to cover the cost of their own transport via train to the end location.*COVID-19 regulations will be adhered at all times to throughout this trip. Masks must be worn when walking/standing in close contact with other students. It is also mandatory to wear your facemasks on public transports. Our SU team will have hand sanitisers on hand throughout the hike. We will ask that all students conduct themselves in a responsible manner at all times.3 groups:Group 1 4pmGroup 2 4:30pmGroup 3 5pm14 tickets per group €5 per personMeetup location DBS/Tara Street/Sandycove
This event is exclusive to Dublin Business School Students! Student ID Required!Join the Student Experience Team for a memorable trip around the beautiful Killiney and explore some of the best views Dublin has to offer. We will climb Killiney Hilltake in some great views and enjoy some fresh coastal views too.The Student Experience Team will bring you guys to some of the local beaches and brave the elements at the famous Vico baths. After a quick dipstudents will be invited to visit the delightful Dalkey village to get something to eatbefore making their way home. Who’s coming?So sign up with the event tab below. Bring a towela bathing suit and some drinks for afterwards as we will encourage some socially distant socialising. Oh! And bring some extra warm clothes for afterwards too.Our Student Leaders will meet you at our allocated meeting spotso keep an eye on your email for the meet up location!This is a great way to enjoy your weekend with the Student Experience Team!Students will need to cover the cost of their own transport via train to the end location.Click here to grab your ticket and be part of this adventure!**COVID-19 regulations will be adhered at all times to throughout this trip. Masks must be worn when walking/standing in close contact with other students. It is also mandatory to wear your face masks on public transport. Our SU team will have hand sanitisers on hand throughout the hike. We will ask that all students conduct themselves in a responsible manner at all times!3 groups:Group 1 10amGroup 2 10:30amGroup 3 11am14 tickets per group €5 per personMeetup location DBS/Tara Street/Killiney


Dublin Business School (DBS) specialises in the provision of career-focused business and law education as well as the delivery of contemporary programmes in the areas of creative mediamarketingcounselling & psychotherapyhumanities and psychology.
 DBS was formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS


Why Study for a Postgraduate Qualification?

To compliment your primary degree

To fulfil personal interests in a particular subject area

Promotion opportunities in current role/career enhancement

Enhanced job security

Development of transferable skills

Worthwhile investment to enhance lifetime career prospects

Academic and personal development at a professional level

Further development of your skills and knowledge in a specialist field

Change of direction in career

Improved career and networking prospects

Opportunity to develop strong analyticalproblem-solvingpresentationtime management and communication skills



Peter LowneyGraduate of Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

After completing the two-year Higher Diploma in PsychologyI felt I had an excellent basis for moving forward with a career in psychologyas well as being able to apply the techniques and methodologies from the course in my current career. It has also opened the door to a number of related fields in work such as HR.

The broad basis of the course gave me a good overview of the subject and of where my strengths and interests would lie for future study in psychology.

I really enjoyed the structure of the course andalthough it is a significant time and effort commitmentI felt it was really worth it. The fact that it is accredited by the Psychology Society of Ireland (PSI) is a major bonusmeaning that your qualification will be recognised. I felt there was a very good balance of continuous assessmentgroup and project work alongside examinationsand I found the lecturers approachable and friendly.

For methe best thing about the course was meeting fellow students from a diverse range of backgrounds and forming firm friendships."

the name of the society that represents psychology students in Ireland is Psychology Society of Ireland

Why Choose DBS?

full form of DBS is Dublin Business School

Reputation as Ireland's Leading Independent College

Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduatepostgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975the College quickly developed an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standardsoffering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.

Recognition and Accreditation



Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.

These awards are recognised by the Department of Educationemployers and all of the major higher education institutions.

List of the areas where DBS received a 4-Star rating in addition to its overall score has Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. 

DBS achieved overall 4 ratings in the QS Stars Rating System


categories in which DBS earned the highest rating in the QS Stars assessment are Online Learning and Inclusiveness
QS Stars recognition is important for DBS because It is considered one of the most credible and influential ratings globally for higher education institutionsplacing DBS in an exclusive group worldwide.

global recognition has DBS recently attained is that it has joined an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide through its QS Stars rating.

DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall ratingDBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including TeachingEmployabilityand Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the rankingwhich is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.

Recognition by Professional Bodies

PSI is a professional body for psychology in Ireland

DBS has professional accreditation and recognition attached to programmes from global bodies such as the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)the Chartered Institute of Management Accounting (CIMA)the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) and from national organisations such as the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI) and the Irish Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (IACP)the Law Society and the Honorable Society of King's Inns for Solicitor and Barrister training. DBS was the first private college to be awarded PSI recognition on its Psychology degree and now also offers a conversion style Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Psychology which is also PSI accredited.

the primary goal of PSI is to promote and support psychology education and practice in Ireland
Commitment to World-Class Teaching

DBS has built a considerable reputation for the quality of its teaching. As an institution we focus our main research activity on the constant improvement of the learning experience of our students.

Internationally-Recognised Education Experience

DBS has established a considerable international reputation for the quality of its programmes. This recognition has been achieved both at government level and on an individual student basis. The College has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes.

Student-Centred Approach/ Flexible Study Options

Feedback from students indicates that they value the student focus that our lecturers and support staff offer. At DBSthis is the key factor in our service delivery. We recognise that you may need different types of support as you progress through your studies to postgraduate levelbe it academic directioncareer advicementoring or personal attention. We offer a comprehensive service in these areas to our postgraduate students. The option to study most of our postgraduate course on a full-time or part-time basis allows you to tailor your study to your situation.

Work/Study Balance

In DBS we take a holistic view to college life. Academia should be integrated with a stimulating social scene. The work/study balance is something we at DBS regard as being important. Accordinglywe organisethrough our dedicated student services departmenta range of socialsportssocieties and developmental activities for postgraduate students.

City Centre Location

A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's GreenLuas and all main bus routesDBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.

Protection of Enrolled Learners

For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012(Protection of Enrolled Learnersor PEL)DBS has arrangements in place with KaplanInc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Eventthe Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.

The Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, Section 65 (4)  covers the Protection of Enrolled Learners for DBS courses

For further Information consult:    www.nfq.ie    www.QQI.ie

'QQI 2014

Trigger Event means: where DBS does not provide the Programme for any reasonincluding by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBSand/or where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that Programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reasonincluding by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBSand/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7)section 47 or section 59(7) of the Act.

DBS A Short History


The name of the college established in 1975 is Dublin Business School
Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College. DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputationthe School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
In 1989 the School introduced its first undergraduate degree programme under a franchise arrangement with Liverpool John Moores University (LJMU). The academic relationship between the two institutions has developed and strengthened over the years. DBS became an Accredited Institution of LJMU in 1995 and now offers a range of programmes leading to honours degree and postgraduate awards. DBS complies fully with LJMU quality assurance procedures and conducts periodic programmatic reviews in line with LJMU policies and requirements. An academic representative from LJMU is a member of the DBS Academic Board.
Dublin Business School became a designated institution with HETAC (formerly the National Council for Educational Awards) in 1992. The School initially offered a number


DBS expand after its initial establishment based on its reputation


professional programmes did DBS offer by the mid-1980s were accounting, marketing, and banking.

DBS was initially established to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies
of programmes leading to awards at National Certificate level. The relationship with HETAC has expanded over the years and programmes offered now include Honours Degree and Postgraduate Masters and Higher Diploma programmes.

suite of qualifying programmes for the professional legal bodies in Ireland. Dublin Business School is now the largest independent third-level college in Ireland with over 9,000 students and the potential to deliver over 100 accredited programmes.

In 1999 Dublin Business School acquired LSB College and became the largest independent third-level college in Ireland. The primary academic focus and strength of LSB College lay in the field of arts and humanities and the acquisition provided the basis for the development of what is now the DBS School of Arts.
In March 2006DBS acquired the European Business School (EBS). EBS was founded in 1993 and is a member of the EBSI groupa collective group of eight independent business schools located throughout Europe. EBS offers a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses for 'study abroad' students and provides DBS with an entry into a broader European market.
In July 2007 DBS acquired Portobello College. Since its foundation in 1989Portobello College has developed and expanded to become one of Ireland's premier third-level independent colleges. In the area of business educationthe College offers a range of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes. The Law School at Portobello College was founded in 1991 and now provides a

Kaplan

In 2013Graham Holdings Company (formerly The Washington Post Company) acquired Kaplan Inc.of which Dublin Business School is a part. Graham Holdings Company history dates back to 1877 when the Washington Post was first published. Kaplan is a leading provider of higher educationprofessional development and lifelong learning programmes with headquarters in New York City and locations throughout the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S. it has over 70 campus-based schools in 15 states offering a range of degree and diploma programmes in areas such as businessinformation technologyhealthcare and law. Kaplan brings a wealth of expertise and experience that enables DBS to consolidate its leading position in the thirdlevel education sector. Kaplan also supports the further development of the Schoolbacked by the resources of a $3.5 billion enterpriseand is enabling DBS to diversify in terms of both products and markets and to expand substantially the scale of its operationsboth in Ireland and internationally.

Recent News



DBS Career Fairs

The Career Fairs present students with a fantastic opportunity to meet with employers and discuss potential job opportunities as well.

Many of our past students have secured full-time positions from attending the fairs in previous years and it remains an integral part of the academic calendar.

Women in Leadership

Personal Career Development Week hosted a Women in Leadership Panel moderated by Ntsoaki Phakoe-McKevitt. The panelists includedfrom left to right: Cliona O'BeirneChief Commercial OfficerDBS; Simone MacleodChief People OfficerNairn; Eadaoin CurtinFounderFirechild Photography; and Sinead LuceyGirls In Tech/Thousand Eyes.





LinkedIn

DBS Students were invited to the LinkedIn HQ where LinkedIn facilitated a workshop on using the platform and helping students with tips on the platformcurriculum vitae tips and interview skills.

Guest Lecture Series

DBS welcomed Mark Kelly from AI Ireland who participated in a guest speaker event. Mark came to the college and gave a fascinating talk on the use of artificial intelligence in the media! Kieran O'Sheafrom Decathlon spoke to students about the opening of the sports retail store and the full-time and parttime opportunities that were available. The Guest Lecture Series is a wonderful opportunity to connect with industry and learn directly from leaders in business.







DBS students assist in UXDX Conference

DBS Event Management students assisted in the delivery of the UXDX Conference. The conference brings together UX (user experience)UI (user interface)designdevelopment and cross functional product teams.

Lecturer Emma Olohan speaking of her students' efforts said 'DBS Event Management students are moving with the times immersing themselves by playing a key role in high profile events that have gone virtual this year including Web SummitWorking World 2021& beyondand Pendulum'.



DBS receive Excellence in Online Learning Education Award

DBS were awarded the Excellence in Online Learning Education Award for the Public

Sector Magazine 2021 Excellence in Business Awards. A special thanks to our faculty and IT team for their efforts in seamlessly transitioning to online delivery during recent times.

President Andrew Conlan-Trant received the award and spoke of the future development of programmes at DBS 'All new programme development and the revision of older programmes will look to include online learning where it is appropriate for the learning outcomesas we strive for as flexible a learning environment as possible'.

DBS Men's Basketball Crowned Division 1 National Champions 2020

In March our men's basketball team were crowned Division 1 National Champions for 2020 after a thrilling final at the Oblate Arena against NUIG. This was a tightly contested match-up with two of the countries leading colleges. The teams went toe-to-toe for the right to become champions of Ireland. It was a thrilling finalscholarship stars Daniel HeaneyMarko Tomic and Hillary Nets all providing stand out performances throughout the final. But it was Paris Ballingerwhose MVP display was instrumental in the success of DBS taking home their first ever Division 1 National Championship.





DBS students raise €4,030 for Temple St. Children's Hospital

DBS students held a themed charity event in aid of Temple St. Children's Hospital. The event was spearheaded by

Project Management students with the intention of bridging communication between college studentsalumni and industry. The purpose of the event was to give students the opportunity to network amongst leading global entrepreneurs and break down barriers between boardrooms and classrooms. The project team provided a platform for successful entrepreneurs to voice their journey to young aspiring individuals.

DBSQQI and the National Framework of Qualifications

As an institution designated under the relevant Higher Education ActsDublin Business School is accredited to offer courses leading to Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) (formally HETAC) awards at CertificateOrdinary degreeHonours degree and Postgraduate levels. The National Framework of Qualifications relates all education and training awards made in Ireland to each other and establishes clearly defined standards about the quality of awards and what a student should be expected to achieve for each award. The Framework also allows Irish qualifications to be compared more easily and accurately with those of other countries. This is particularly important in a European context where there have been significant moves towards greater compatibility and comparability of qualifications.

The National Framework of Qualifications comprises ten levelswith each level based on specified standards of knowledgeskill and competence. Awards at Levels 6 to 10 are made by QQI and the Irish Universities. At undergraduate levelDBS offers courses leading to QQI awards at Level 6 (Higher Certificate)Level 7 (Ordinary Bachelor Degree) and Level 8 (Honours Bachelor Degree). We at DBS see the introduction of the National Framework as an important step towards assuring students as to the quality and comparability of our awards. To quote the National Qualifications Authority'The introduction of the Frameworkwhich sets the overall standards of many awardstogether with the measures taken by the awarding bodies and (course) providers to build and monitor the quality of awardswill further enhance and guarantee the overall quality of awards made in Ireland.'

The following diagram illustrates the current National Framework of Qualifications in Ireland.

The National Framework of Qualifications (NFQ)

Irish Register of Qualifications



AWARDING BODIES AWARDING BODIES CLASSES OF AWARD

AWARDS IN THE FRAMEWORK

AWARDS IN THE FRAMEWORK

IRISH REGISTER OF QUALIFICATIONS



Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) makes awards in further and SEC State Examinations Commission (Department of Education and Skills) Minor Awards: are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

higher education and training

SEC State Examinations Commission (Department of Education and Skills) Special Purpose Awards: are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

Institutes of Technology DIT Dublin Institute of Technology Professional Awards: these are for occupation-orientated qualifications including apprenticeships

FETAC awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Major Awards: named in the outer ringsare the principal class of awards made at a level

Supplemental Awards: are for learning that is additional to a Major Award

Universities

Universities

Supported by the Erasmus+

Programme of the European Union

Supported by the Erasmus+

Programme of the European Union

There are four classes of award in the National Framework of Qualifications: There are four types of award in the National Framework of Qualifications: For more information on

-Qualifications

named in the outer ringsare the principal class of awards made at a level

Major Awards:

named in the outer ringsare the principal class of awards made at a level -Providers

Major Awards:

are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

Minor Awards:

-Courses

are for learning that is additional to a Major Award

Supplemental Awards:

Minor Awards:

are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

Supplemental Awards:

are for learning that is additional to a Major Award visit www.irq.ie

are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

Special Purpose Awards:

Special Purpose Awards:

are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

©QQI 2020

For further Information consult:  www.nfq.ie   www.QQI.ie

For further information consult:    www.nfq.ie    www.QQI.ie

©QQI 2014

Recognition and Accreditation



Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Quality and Qualifications Ireland was established in 2012 under the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012. The new Authority was created by an amalgamation of four bodies that have both awarding and quality assurance responsibilities: the Further Education and Training Awards Council (FETAC)the Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC)the National Qualifications Authority of Ireland (NQAI) and the Irish Universities Quality Board (IUQB). The new Authority assumed all the functions of the four legacy bodies while also has responsibility for new or newly-statutory responsibilities in particular areas.



Professional Accountancy Bodies ACCA and CIMA

All of our degrees are recognised for exemption purposes by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland (ICAI)the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA)the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants (CPA). Our BA (Hons) Accounting and Finance degree programme receives the maximum number of exemptions available from the professional accounting bodies.





CIMA is the world's largest professional body of management accountants offering the most relevant accounting qualification for a career in business. It teaches the skills and knowledge needed to work across all areas of the businessnot just the accounts team.



Library Association of Ireland

The objectives of the LAI include the promotion and development of high standards of librarianship and of library and information services in Ireland and to maintain the profession of librarianship in a proper status among the learned and technical professions by requiring the observance of strict rules of personal professional conduct as a condition of membershipand by ensuring that a qualification in librarianship is an essential requirement for all professional posts in libraries.



Psychological Society of Ireland

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI)the
 professional body for psychology in Ireland. As suchit seeks to promote the science and profession of psychology in 
Ireland and beyond. PSI membership now stands at over 2,000 membersand includes practitionerseducators and 
researchersprofessionals and postgraduate studentsas well as undergraduate subscribers. Its divisions and Special 
Interest Groups represent key areas from across the broad spectrum of psychology.



APPI

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy meets the Professional Body's Masters' component requirement whichwhen combined with the Post-Masters' component
makes graduates eligible to apply with confidence for accredited membership of this Body. For instancethe MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapycombined with the Post-Masters' Specific Modality Training in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy in The School of Psychotherapy (TSOP) at St Vincent's Universityis recognised as a (minimum) 4-year training by the Association for Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI). Graduates of the combined programmeMasters + Post-Mastersare eligible to apply for membership of APPI which then automatically means membership of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy (ICP). In turnthese graduates meet requirements to apply for membership of the European Association for Psychotherapy (EAP).



IACP

IACP is a professional body which aims to maintain professional standards of excellence in counselling and psychotherapy. Membership of the organisation is open to those who meet the standards laid out by this body and whose practice work is in accordance the code of ethics of the organisation.



IAHIP

The Irish Association of Humanistic and Integrative Psychotherapy was formed in 1992 as an association to represent Humanistic and Integrative psychotherapists in Ireland. In 1994the IAHIP became a companylimited by guaranteeand is one of the five psychotherapy sections of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy.



CIPD

The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) is the professional body for HR and people development responsible for championing better work and working lives. CIPD set the gold standard for people management and development and influence policy and practice in the world of work.



4 Stars Awarded by QS Stars Rating System

DBS earned an overall rating of 4 Stars. Online Learning and Inclusiveness were awarded 5 Stars. Other areas including TeachingEmployabilityand Academic Development were all awarded a rating of 4 Stars.

Career Services

Career Services

Top Skills Employers Seek

Dublin Business School creates graduates who are able to realise their full potentialare attractive to employers and are ready for employment.

Through strong links with employers we understand what attributes industry are looking for and we prepare our students to meet these needs.

The Careers Hub



5

Ability to work under pressure



Check out our dedicated careers website for more information https://students.dbs.ie/dbsstudent-services/dbs-careers

Careers Services are delivered through a dedicated team of Careers Coaches in the DBS Careers Hub. This is a new approach to providing Careers Advice and support among Irish third-level Institutions. Through innovations such as specific careers pathways24/7 accessand the use of technology to deliver workshops and seminarsthe team bring students and employers togetherand are instrumental in our graduates building successful careers in companies such as GoogleMicrosoftAmazonAccenture HubspotVersion 1 and many others.







Careers Hub

Weekly online and classroom workshops

Job advertising and matching with students

One to one student meetings and advice

Personal career development weeks

Company visits

Guest lecture series

Innovation sprints

Internships and placements

where applicable

Interview preparation

Video interview preparation

Specific International student Careers Supports

Alumni talks and workshops

Further study advice

Find us on LinkedIn @DublinBusinessSchool







Like DBS on facebook @DublinBusinessSchool

Follow us on Twitter @dbscollege



Share on Instagram @dbscollege



Library and Information Services



Supporting our Students

Online Resources

In addition to providing access to an extensive print collection; the award winning DBS library (library.dbs.ie) offers onlinemobilecustomisable and interactive information resources that can be accessed 24 hours a day from anywhere in the world. DBS Library is located in the Aungier Street building. DBS Library is an institutional member of the Library Association of Ireland (LAI)the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP)UK and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians (BIALL).

Opening Hours

Monday-Thursday: 09:00-22:00 Friday: 09:00-21:00 Saturday: 09:00-17:00

Print Resources

DBS Library has over 43,000 books. Library holdings are listed on the Library's online catalogue which is available on the Library website or can be accessed directly at https://books.dbs.ie. Students can login to the catalogue to view their Library account and renew or reserve books.

The Library has an extensive e-book collection of over 30,000 titles and access is provided to over 36,000 fulltext eJournalsover 36,000 conference proceedings and over 3,000 newspaper titles. Book titles recommended by lecturers on reading lists are acquired in electronic formatwhere availableproviding students with access to key materials. The Library uses Loughborough Online Reading List Software (LORLS) to make online reading lists available to students with live availability of print titles and online access to electronic resources. LORLS is available to access directly at https://lorls.dbs.ie.

The Library subscribes to a number of high quality databases including:

Academic Search CompleteBloomsbury Professional Law eBooksBusiness Source CompleteComputers and Applied Sciences CompleteEbsco eBooksFilm and Literature IndexIEEE Xplore Digital LibraryJSTORJustisOneLibrary and Information Science Source (LISS)Mintel ReportsPassportPEP ArchiveProQuest CentralProQuest EbookCentralProQuest One Business,

PsycArticlesSage Business CasesSAGE Research MethodsSOCIndexVLeBooksWARCWestlaw IE and Westlaw UK. Databases can be searched individually or simultaneously via a single Google-like search box on the Library website.

Off-Campus Access

All electronic resources including the online cataloguethe e-book collection and the complete portfolio of databases can be accessed 24 hours a day from anywhere in the world via the Library Website. The Library catalogue and all electronic resources can be accessed remotely from mobile phones and tablets.

Students with Disabilities

The Library's e-book collection and the majority of its databases have magnification and text-to-speech capabilities. Guides to Library resources for students with disabilities are also available in the Library and on the Library website. Students can make an appointment to meet with an Information Skills Librarian to discuss how we can best meet their specific information needs.

Library Facilities

All PCs in the Library provide internet access and are equipped with the latest version of Microsoft Office. The Library also has three study rooms for collaborative study. Students can book a PC or study room via the Library website. The Library has a wireless network for students wishing to use their laptops. High-quality printing and photocopying services (including scanning and colour photocopying and printing) are available in the Library. Wireless printing enables students to print from their laptops. The Library provides self-issuing stations which enable students to issuereturn and renew books independentlyand which free up staff to answer student queries.



Student Support

Library staff are extremely student focused. The Library also provides the following student support services:

We provide a wide range of online access for students for the following services:

Support Online An online Service Desk portal is available to support students through a ticketing system which allows quick and efficient support when students require it
Information desks where library staff are on hand to answer student queries
Library tours and induction process
Instant Messaging Service 'Ask a Librarian' on the Library website
Our dedicated Information Skills team provides a range of programme embedded and scheduled classes on essay writing and referencingavoiding plagiarismresearchingevaluating resources and other key topics.
Library Guides A large range of guides on the use of Library resources and facilities along with online tutorials are available on the Library website: library.dbs.ie

Every computer within the college has access to all the relevant industrystandard software packages.

Online Library Access Through the library websitestudents can access the full library catalogue. Other services includePC and study room bookingonline book renewalaccess to a wide range of databases and e-journals
Careers Website Contains an up-todate listing of vacancies and careers information. Students can also book time with a dedicated careers advisor online.
Each student has access to Office 365 online which now includes an online note taking app as well as a mydbs.ie email address with 50GB of email storage and 1TB of online cloud storage. Students also have the ability to download 5 free copies of Office.
Lecture notes Most classes are recorded through Zoom and easily viewed on Moodle if you miss a class.
Timetables Up to date timetables can be viewed for all courses and through your email calendar within mydbs.ie email.
Exam results Can be accessed online.
Student Intranet Offers a wide range of student servicesincluding information regarding accommodationexamsprogramme handbooksFAQs and your personal dashboard.

Student Services

Student Welfare

Sports Clubs

The welfare of our students is of utmost importance in DBS. Our Student Experience Team gives advice and support to all students of the College. Be it accommodationfinancialvisastudy problems or psychological issuesthe team is here to help. We have close ties with local medical services and can arrange an appointment at short notice. We also provide students with a free and confidential counselling service where we will refer a student to a professional counsellor if required.

Activities and Events

College life is about much more than just education. Through our broad range of services and activities you will get to enjoy the full student experiencewhich extends beyond the classroom. The DBS campus is in Dublin city centreand we use all of the extra-curricular and recreational opportunities that our unique location offers.

Clubs and Societies

Archery
Athletics
Badminton
Basketball
Cricket
Cycling
Dodgeball
Equestrian
Futsal
Go-Carting
Golf
Hillwalking
Hockey
Orienteering
Pool
Rock Climbing
Rugby
Soccer
Surfing and Water Sports
Swimming

We encourage all of our students to get involved with the many and varied Clubs and Societies that are on offer. Besides doing something that you love and enjoyyou will meet new friends with similar interests and also meet fellow students who may be studying on a different programme to yours. Whatever your intereststhere is a club or society for you!

Table Tennis
Volleyball



'I thoroughly enjoyed the challenge that studying for the Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Psychology presentedand it has provided a fantastic opportunity for me to advance in a new career direction. My lecturers understanding and support during my studies have been unparalleled by any other college that I have attended in the past.'

Laura MorrinHigher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

Student Entertainment

The Student Experience Teamin conjunction with our Student Unionorganise a full and varied schedule of social and cultural events throughout the year. From Freshers week in SeptemberRAG weekweekly film screeningscultural excursions and day tripsand the Formal Ball and Awards in Maythere is something for everyone.

Societies

Special Interest: PsychologyBusinessPhotographyFilmLawComputingProgrammingData
Activity Based: DancePilatesYogaMartial ArtsSelf Defence
Music Based: RadioMusicDJ
International and Cultural: AfricanMalaysianIrishChineseIndian
Volunteering and Social: SVPSimonCharityLGBTDramaBook ClubCoffee ClubLanguage Exchange



We will provide an outstanding student experience and enable strong academic outcomes.

Social   and Personal Awareness



Social and Academic Support

Belonging and   Identity



Peer Support

Learning to   Learn

International Student Services

Dublin Business School is the natural choice for international students. We welcome the valuable contribution that you makeacademically and sociallyto the student experience and learning environment in the College.

Visas and Assistance with Irish Immigration Authorities

When applying for a student visa for Irelandyou must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies in Ireland.

The International Team are dedicated to looking after all of your needsfrom the moment you enquire about our courses to registration and arrival in Irelandand throughout your studies in DBS.

For prospective students we help with student admissionand assist with the application and student visa process.

Once you have enrolled we provide a range of services in the areas of accommodationregistrationorientation and inductionvisa and immigrationstudent welfare.

contact information for the International Admissions Office at DBS is 01 417 7500
Accommodation

Year 2 modules in the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS are Personality and Individual Differences, Health Psychology, Biopsychology, Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology, Mental Health and Distress.

DBS provide a number of accommodation options in conjunction with our carefully chosen partners. These range from self catering apartments in purpose built student accommodation (PBSA) to 'homestay'with an Irish family. Our PBSA apartments are all located close to the College Campus in Dublin City Centre while 'homestay' is located within 3060 minutes from Campus. 'Homestay' accommodation is initially for the first 4 weeks upon arrival in Ireland and gives an introduction to social culturethe opportunity to improve their English language skills and adjust to the lifestyle of a new country.

Education in Ireland DBS works closely with Education in Ireland whose mandate and objectives are:To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students.To promote and support the international activities of Irish education institutions.To act as a national point of contact and referral to and from Irish suppliers of education services and the international market place.To promote Irish education expertise as a valuable resource for international institutionsdevelopment agencies and governments.To liaise with education interests and government to identify and remove barriers to the development of the international education sector.If you have been accepted for admission to DBS we will provide you with guidance on your Irish visa application. You are required to pay your tuition fees in full to the College prior to making your visa application. Upon arrival in Ireland all non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. The International Team will help you through this process. Further details on the Irish visa process can be requested from your local Irish Embassy or Consulateor can be found at the website for the Irish Naturalisation and Immigration Service (INIS) www.inis.gov.ie.Student Employment in Ireland International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per weekor fulltime up to 40 hours during scheduled holiday periods. Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalisation Registerwhich can be viewed at www.education.ie. Mixing employment with study is not easyand it is recommended that you do not arrive without possessing the financial resources to complete your chosen course of study. If applying for a student visa for Irelandplease note that you must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies in Ireland. In this regardthe Visa Office will not take into account any potential earnings that you may gain from part-time work in Ireland. The Irish student visa permits students a 'stay back' option for graduates of many of our courses.We offer a learning environment and experience that explicitly meets the needs and expectations of international studentsInternational Student Services TeamRegistration and OrientationImmigration Services and AdviceInternational Student LettersAccommodation AdviceGeneral Advice and SupportSocial and Cultural Activities 
Further Study Information 17 International Partnerships 
DBS has over the last 46 years established itself as a centre for international education excellence. DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European 
countries such as France Spain Germany Italy Denmark Lithuania Norway and Sweden. Students from these universities join DBS for a semester or 
academic year. Feedback indicates that European students choose DBS due to the quality of teaching 
the excellent location the wide range of sports and activities available and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised 
qualification from an English speaking country.Some of our European Partners include:ISEG France. DBS has a close strategic alliance with 
ISEG a prestigious group of seven business schools located in Paris Lille Strasbourg Lyon Toulouse Bordeaux and Nantes. 
Students from the ISEG group have the opportunity of taking the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or a number of Masters 
programmes at DBS as part of their studies.EGC (Écoles de Gestion et de Commerce) France IULM University Milan Italy is a network of 28 reputable French Business Schools. The network was first established by the French Chambers of Commerce in the 1980s and the
 Schools have extensive business and international links with Schools around the world. Since 2002
 
 Dublin Business School and EGC have formed close links
 where DBS welcomes students from EGC every year to be part of their international study experience.CEU Madrid Spain Founded in 1933 CEU San Pablo
  University of Madrid is the oldest private university in Spain. The University of Madrid offers BA (Hons) Double Degrees and Postgraduate in areas 
  such as Economics and Business Communication and Humanities Architecture Engineering and Health Sciences. IULM is a leading Italian university specialising in the fields of Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism, and Cultural Heritage.
  US Study Abroad Programme  DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from across the US. 
  
  DBS has developed an extensive network of affiliate Universities and Colleges who send their students on this programme. After an initial Foundation Course on Ireland students integrate a wide range of courses in both the DBS School of Business and DBS School of Arts.Xiamen UniversityChinaWith a ranking of 10 out of 2036 institutions in China and 318 globally DBS was delighted to announce approval by the Chinese Ministry of Education of an Articulation Agreement with Xiamen University allowing Xiamen graduates to continue their studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree award from QQI in either Accounting and Finance orFinancial Services.UPAEPAcademic Collaboration with MARAMalaysia2014 saw the approval of the transnational collaborative agreement on the delivery of the DBS programme BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance in KPTM in Malaysia.  
  Dublin Business School has a long relationship with MARA which started in the early 1990s and has seen collaborations resulting in 
  over 1,300 Malaysian students graduating with DBS qualifications. FAE Brazil With this agreement DBS joins forces with a leading provider of business and 
  management education. EU Business School (EU) is an international professionally accredited high-ranking business school with campuses
   in Barcelona Geneva Montreux Munich and online. Offering English-taught foundation bachelor's master's and MBA programs it is ranked among the top 
   business schools globally and has been awarded four stars for Overall Business Education by QS Stars. 
   EU Business School will offer the following DBS degree programmes: BA (Hons) in Business and a Master of Business Administration (MBA).
   FAE Centro Universitário's innovative pedagogical approach qualified faculty and close relationship with the corporate market have allowed 
   the institution to consistently expand the scope and depth of its academic offerings. FAE Centro Universitário is dedicated to responding to
    the challenges and demands of the knowledge societyoffering students opportunities for research and professional development so that 
    qualified competent and well rounded professionals are formed.The Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla is a 
    private non-profit university located in PueblaMexico.Founded on the 7th of May 1973 it is currently a highly reputed university with 
    important national and international presence which has over 43 undergraduate programs 34 masters programs 12 PhD programmes and 11 specialisations.EU Business School Munich Germany DBS signed an agreement with EU Business School (EU) in March 2021 which will see them become one of its transnational partners. This agreement which is subject to validation by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) forms part of the institution's ongoing endeavours to expand its transnational programmes 
    and offer its programmes in overseas locations.University of New York in Prague (UNYP) DBS formed a partnership with University 
    of New York in Prague (UNYP) to bring new post-graduate degrees to Prague. 
    This partnership will enable DBS to develop a strong international ethos and build international reach and reputation.
    Application Information and Procedure Masters Programmes EU Applicants Higher Diploma Programmes EU Applicants Applicants should 
    complete the appropriate application form and submit it online or return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the 
    following documentation:Academic Transcripts (original and official english translation where issued in another language).
     Applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide this documentation Proof of Identification 
     (drivers licence or passport)Detailed Curriculum VitaeProof of English (i.e. IELTSTOEFL or equivalent) 
     where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first 
     language is not EnglishPlease see programme content for any course specific additional application
      procedures and specific minimum entry requirements including English language if applicable.
      In addition to the abovein the instance of Non-EU applicants who have residency in Ireland:A copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) Card 
      work permit (if applicable) and passportThe letter that was issued to you by the Department of Justice Equality and Law Reform 
      stating why you were provided with the above documentation.Applicants should complete the appropriate 
      application form and return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the following documentation:Academic Transcripts
       (original and official english translation where issued in another language). 
       Applicants who have previously attended DBS need not provide this documentation Proof of Identification (drivers licence or passport)
       Proof of English (i.e. IELTSTOEFL or equivalent) where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English 
       or applicants whose first language is not English
       Detailed Curriculum ViteaPlease see programme content for any course specific additional application procedures and specific minimum entry requirements.In addition to the abovein the instance of Non-EU applicants who have residency in Ireland:A copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) card work permit (if applicable) and passportThe letter that was issued to you by the Department of Justice Equality and Law Reform stating why you were provided with the above documentation.Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the Admissions Office for an application form. 
       For further information please contact:The Postgraduate Admissions Office Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street Dublin 2T: +353 1 4177500F:+353 1 4177543E:admissions@dbs.ie 
       W:www.dbs.ie Non-EU Applicants Non-EU Applicants should complete the appropriate application form and return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the following documentation:Academic Transcripts (original and official english translation where issued in another language).Applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide this documentation Proof of Identification (passport)Detailed Curriculum VitaeProof of English (i.e. IELTSTOEFL or equivalent) where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not EnglishAcademic/business references (ideally one academic and one business). These are not required for Business programmesA copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) cardwork permit (if applicable)Please see programme content for any course specific additional application procedures and specific programme minimum entry requirements.Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or 
       by contacting the International Admissions Office for an application form. For further information please contact:The International Admissions Office Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier StreetDublin 2IrelandT:+353 1 4177500F:+353 1 4177543E:international@dbs.ieW:www.dbs.iePsychologyCounselling and Creative Media
       Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology (PSI accredited) Course Content Awarding Body Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Award Level NFQ Level 8 studies. The Higher Diploma represents the necessary first step to becoming a professional psychologist. 
       Upon successful completion of the Higher Diploma depending upon the final grade graduates will be eligible to apply to enter postgraduate training courses in their chosen specialisation and ultimately gain employment in their area of expertise. Title of Award Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology 
       Award Type Major in Arts in Psychology Duration Full-Time 2 Year Part-Time 2 Years Suited to Designed for non-Psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in Psychology.The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme has the following content:YEAR 1 History and Schools in Psychology Research Technique and Analysis 1 Cognitive Psychology Foundations in Developmental and Social Psychology Behaviour Analysis Research Technique and Analysis 2 Experimental Psychology Ethical Research Methods and Design YEAR 2 Personality and Individual Differences Health Psychology Biopsychology Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology Mental Health and Distress
Human Performance main mandate of Education in Ireland is Quality Assurance 

EU Business School located in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich, and online.
Documents  required for Masters Programme applications at DBS for EU applicants are Academic Transcripts (original and official English translation if issued in another language), Proof of Identification (driver's licence or passport), Detailed Curriculum Vitae, Proof of English language proficiency if applicable.

FAE Brazil’s is the leading provider of business and management education.  

Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology suited for graduates who wish to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in psychology

international non-EU students in Ireland are allowed to work up to 20 hours per week during term and full-time during scheduled holidays.


Over 1,300 Malaysian students have graduated with DBS qualifications through the MARA collaboration

partnership between DBS and University of New York in Prague (UNYP) enables DBS to offer new postgraduate degrees in Prague, helping develop an international ethos and reach.

DBS offer international students a learning environment and experience that explicitly meets the needs and expectations of international students


Research Project

Overview

Professional Recognition: 

The Psychological Society of Ireland

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is for graduates who wish to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in psychology but who don't hold an Honours degree in psychology.

The course enables students to study key areas of psychology in a thriving research environment andthrough a supervised research dissertationexplore practical issues of interest and relevance to a range of theoretical and occupational fields. Students will develop a firm knowledge base in psychology and gain experience of the research process that will build upon the skills and knowledge that they have already acquired in earlier

Students will be encouraged to consider entering their own analysis as a fundamental requirement for engagement with this field.

Aims and Objectives

Key Features of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

Designed for non psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in psychology
The programme is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI) Professional Body for Psychologists in Ireland
The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is an internationally recognised programme that allows application for graduate membership of relevant psychological societies including the British Psychological Society (BPS)
The course is of particular interest to those who wish to enhance their current work practices e.g. Health and social care professionalsteachersHR ManagersVoluntary and Community sector workers and many more
It is also of interest to those who would like to develop their skills and knowledge in the field of Psychology
The course represents the first necessary step to becoming a professional Psychologist
Successful graduates may apply to enter postgraduate training courses in their chosen specialisation and ultimately gain employment in their area of expertise



Structure

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology extends over two academic years of full-time studyor two academic years of part-time study.

The programme will be taught through a mixture of lecturestutorialsseminarsstudy skills workshopspractical laboratory work and field study work.

An IELTS score of a minimum 6.0 or equivalentwhere full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English.

In year 1students undertake the study of eight mandatory subjects that are designed to develop knowledge and understanding of core areas and disciplines and to provide a platform for more advanced study at year 2.

In year 2students undertake a further seven mandatory subjects that build on the year 1 foundation and further develop students understanding of applied areas and key subjects of Psychology. Furthermorestudents also undertake a mandatory research project under the guidance of a supervisor.

On a part-time basis students will attend classes two evenings per week from 6.15pm-9.30pm and study four modules per semester.

Advice and confirmation of module selection will be made available to students before course commencement.

Assessment

Throughout the course some modules are assessed by a combination of continuous assessment and examinationsor by continuous assessment alone. Continuous assessment will vary in style and purpose from module to moduledepending upon the nature of the subject material and the teaching and learning objectives of the module. Assessments may include essaysmultiple-choice questionnaireshortanswer in-class examoral presentationgroup work and poster presentations. Examinations are typically held in January and late April/early May.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admissionapplicants must hold:

A primary Honours degree award of at least pass level in a non-cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institutionor equivalent qualification.

Career Opportunities

This programme is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI)the professional body for psychology in Ireland. DBS was the first college outside the university sector to receive accreditation from the Psychological Society of Ireland.

Graduates may progress to postgraduate training or professional training within psychology. In additionstudents will be equipped with the specialised knowledge and skills that will enable them to pursue successfulresponsibleand useful careers in a number of areas of employment relating to Psychology.

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is an internationally recognised programme that allows application for graduate membership of relevant psychological societies including the British Psychological Society (BPS).

Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time2 years

Suited to

Non cognate Graduates who are seeking a career in Counselling and Psychotherapy

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy programme has the following content.

Core Modules

Counselling and Psychotherapy Skills 1
Stress Response 1
Process Group
Traditions of Psychotherapy
Theories of Development
Psychoanalysis
Group Psychotherapy
Counselling and Psychotherapy Skills 2
Stress Response 2
Psychopathology and Case Histories
Research Methods and Minor Dissertation
The Family and Psychotherapy

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy will provide students with a broad graduate-level education and grounding in the theory and practice of counselling and therapy. The course offers students a practical training in therapeutic skills and an understanding of the ethical implications of therapeutic work. During the coursestudents will be guided in developing a capacity for reflective self-awareness through personal therapy and group experiences.

The Higher Diploma is aimed at noncounselling and/or psychotherapy graduates. It is primarily an academic qualificationbut will set its graduates on the path towards becoming accredited members of professional counselling and psychotherapy bodies. The course also prepares students to follow a variety of educational and career paths by helping them to achieve their full critical potential and equipping them with a range of intellectual skills.

Key Features of the Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy

Conversion style course for nonCounselling/Psychotherapy Degree graduates
Delivered on a modular basistypically students will attend classes on two evenings per weeks and attend weekend workshops once or twice a month
Focused on personal development through personal therapyprocess group work and theoretical study
Sets graduates on the path towards supervised clinical training at Masters level
Central to the course is experiential skills training
Of interest to those who would like to learn counselling skills and understand their basis in psychotherapeutic practice
Enhances students current work practices e.g. health and social care professionalsteachersGardaícommunity workersvoluntary sector workers and many more
Orientation is primarily humanistic/ integrative but it also introduces students to the principles of psychoanalysisfamily therapy and to research skills.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is run on a modular basis during evenings and weekends and will normally take students two years to complete. During that time students will take academic lectures as well as experiential training groups. Research methodologies and the range of contemporary issues that face professional counsellors and psychotherapists will also be amongst the topics studied.

Students attend and participate in process group work on one evening a week throughout each yearas well as attending academic lectures one/two evenings a week for two 12 week terms and approximately 12 Saturdays over

the academic year. Each year students participate in two feedback meetings with their trainers to assess not only their skills and academic knowledge but also their suitability for progression on to supervised clinical training at MA level.

Students are required to be in their own personal psychotherapy for the duration of the Higher Diploma. This confidential arrangementincluding the time of sessions and feeis arranged with the therapist.

Assessment

The Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy combines experiential learningacademic lecturing and personal development. The Theory and Practice modules in each year of the programme as well as the Stress Response modules consist of experiential learning taking place in training groups with no more than 15 students. The other modules on the programme are delivered in lecture format. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writingin-class presentationgroup discussionself-reflective writing and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

There is no assessment related to personal psychotherapy and process group work. These components of the programme are mandatory and entirely confidential. The cost of personal psychotherapy is not included in the programme fee.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy are:

A Level 8 full award (primary Honours bachelor degree) of at least a pass level in a non-cognate discipline from a recognised third-level institutionor
An equivalent professional qualification and be able to provide evidence of an ability to study at this level.
Applicants are also required to submit a personal statement of approximately 400 words outlining why they wish to pursue this particular course.
Suitable candidates should be able to demonstrate significant life experienceself-awareness and maturity are ideally required to be aged 23 years or older.
Ideally candidates should also have experience either professionally or on a voluntary basis in a role which can be related to the work of counselling/psychotherapy. Candidates are expected to be able to show evidence of having the personal qualities necessary to undertake the Higher Diploma course.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is not in itself full professional training but should enhance employment prospects in the following areas:

The Voluntary Sector
Primary Care settings
Social Care settings
Educational settings

It is envisaged that the course will appeal to those interested in bridging their undergraduate qualification with further postgraduate studysuch as our MA in Psychotherapy. Please note that professional suitability assessment forms part of a pre-enrolment interviewand also continues throughout this programme. A combination of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy in conjunction with the MA in Psychotherapy at DBS.

Accreditation

The Higher Diploma is aimed at noncounselling and/or psychotherapy graduates. It is an academic qualificationand incorporates professional psychotherapy skills training and personal development and will set its graduates on the path towards becoming accredited members of professional counselling and psychotherapy bodies.

The Higher Diplomain combination with our Masters in Psychotherapyis recognised as a 4 year training by IAHIP (Irish Association for Humanistic Integrative Psychotherapy). The course also prepares students to follow a variety of other educational and career paths by helping them to achieve their full critical potential and equipping them with a range of intellectual skills.

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Actsanyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staffvolunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Master of Arts (MA) in Addiction Studies

Awarding Body

Key Features of the MA in Addiction Studies

The programme is concerned with how these perspectives interact and how they differ from each other.

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Addiction Studies

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year Part-Time2 Years (day time attendance)

Suited to those with a Humanities/ Social Science degree seeking to acquire a postgraduate qualification in the area of Addiction
Also suitable for applicants with clinical training in health or social care who wish to apply a knowledge of the theory and approaches to addiction to their clinical work
Graduates will be qualified for relevant position in academiaas well as in research for public and private bodies
In additiongraduates can work at a strategic level in healthcare settingsin semi-state bodies and in government agencies shaping polices on addiction treatment both within institutions and in society as a whole

Course Content

The Master of Arts (MA) in Addiction Studies programme has the following content:

Core Modules

Dialogical Meanings in Addiction: TheoryPractice and Policy
A Psychoanalytic Perspective on Addiction
Research Methods and Analysis
Addiction Psychopharmacology
Cultural Issues in the Study of Addiction
Women and Addiction
Integrative Tutorial
Supervised Clinical Visits
Research Project

Overview

The MA in Addiction Studies is a rigorous and formal exploration of addictions from a variety of academic and scientific perspectives: sociologicalculturalpsychologicalanthropologicaland psychoanalytic.

The aim is to educate students so that they can carry out research in the field of addiction and thereby critically inform policy makingas well as management of addiction services. The programme also provides clinicians with a strong theoretical foundation from where to approach the treatment of addictions.

This programme is designed for students with a background in PsychologyPsychoanalysisAnthropologySociologySocial Science or a humanities disciplinewho wish to acquire a postgraduate qualification in the area of Addiction. It is also very suitable for applicants with a clinical training in health or social care who wish to apply knowledge of the theory and approaches to addiction to their clinical work. In additionthe course provides an exciting and thought-provoking foundation for students who may wish to subsequently pursue training in the counselling or psychotherapy of addiction.

Structure

The full-time day programme is one year in duration and contains three twelve week semesters. The course has four key components:

An academic programme of lectures
A weekly seminar with emphasis on research
Clinical visits to addiction treatment centres
A period of research for an extended thesis

The academic component and weekly integrative seminar provide a firm foundation in core addiction issues while the clinical visits provide students with direct experience of the nature of the problems posed by addiction. The concluding period of research provides students with the opportunity to collate their study and develop a thesis question in the field of

addiction studies. The taught courses cover semesters 1 and 2 (October to May)and the clinical visits straddle semesters 2 and 3 (February to August). Independent research is pursued during semester 3 (May to August). There is also the availability of a January intake.

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over two years and contains five twelve-week semesters and will require daytime attendance.

Assessment

The MA in Addiction Studies is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writingin-class presentationgraded group dissertation and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admissionapplicants must:

Have a minimum Second Class Honours (2.2) Degree in any humanities or social science discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institutionor equivalent qualification or
Be a graduate of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion style programme such as a Postgraduate in Psychology
Have an equivalent professional qualification
Have an IELTS score of a minimum 6.5 or equivalent

Career Opportunities

The MA in Addiction Studies qualifies graduates to pursue careers that involve the generation and use of information relating to the problems of addiction. Graduates will be ideally qualified for relevant positions in academiaas well as in research for public and private bodies. Importantlygraduates can work at a strategic level in healthcare settingsin semi-state bodiesand in government agenciesshaping policies on addiction treatment both within institutions and in society as a whole. The MA can also provide a theoretical basis for clinicians faced with the challenge of understanding the presentation of addictive behaviours in their clinical practice.



Master of Arts (MA) in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

It is also required that students take up their own personal psychoanalysis. Cost associated with personal psychoanalysis is independent of the DBS programme fee.

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time3 years

Suited to

Psychology Graduates and other Graduates in areas such as medical scienceshumanitiessocial sciences etc.



The Master of Arts (MA) in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy programme has the following content:

Taught/Academic Modules (two per semester)

Formations of the Unconscious
Infantile Sexuality and Infantile Neurosis
The Clinic of the Unconscious
SexualitySexuation and the Division of the Sexes
Neurosis in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
Psychoanalysis and Addiction
Psychosis in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
The History of Psychoanalysis
The Ethics of Psychoanalysis
Transference in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
Research Seminar and Thesis (3 rd  Yeartwo semesters)

Classes start at 3.00 pm on Thursdays

Clinical Modules

Psychiatric case Conference and Seminar (in St Vincent's University HospitalElm ParkThursdays9.00 am Years 2 and 3)
Clinical Supervision (on DBS campus)
Supervised Clinical Experience* (various locations)
Infant Observation** (weekly class on DBS campus; observation various)

* Placements

Semester 2year 1 (spans 15 weeksone day a week)
Semesters 1 and 2year 2 (each one spans 15 weeksone day a week)
One-to-one client workyear 3
**    24 months of actual observation though the Infant Observation classes start at beginning of Semester 1.

Overview

The interpretation of dreams announced psychoanalysis to the world in 1900. In it Freud proposed that 'the most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness'. This psychoanalytic position revolutionised our understanding of mental life and the basis of any psychological intervention. Psychoanalysis is a clinical practice which attends to the hiddenor unconsciousprocesses of the mind. Its epoch-marking insights shed invaluable light on the fragility of meaning in our lives and on the dynamics of mental health and its collapse in illness. Psychoanalysis stands at the origin of all the major developments in psychotherapy over the past 100 years. It is designed to introduce students in a thorough and rigorous way to clinical settings and practice and so is a solid basis for work in the field of mental health as well as being a foundation for training in the field of psychoanalytic psychotherapy.

Structure

A training centred on a series of three organised placements (some clinical)each one for one day a week for 15 weeksstarting in the second semester of first yearin mental healtheducation and social care settings and supervised by senior mental health professionals in each placement.
Infant observation experience supervised by a highly qualified tutor in the field

A final year of supervisedappointment based clinical practice in settings recommended by the college. Students engage an individual supervisor for this work the fee for which is independent of the DBS programme fee.
Weekly Psychiatric Case Conference at St. Vincent's University Hospital followed by a clinical seminar
Weekly psychoanalytic group supervision tutorial in groups of four students
An academic programme of lectures presented by psychoanalytic practitioners and psychoanalysts
It's also required that students take up their own personal psychoanalysis. Cost associated with personal psychoanalysis is independent of the DBS programme fee.

Placements

Supervised placements are organised in years 1 and 2. These start in the second semester of year 1 and each placement comprises 15 weeksone day a weektotalling 45 weeks over years 1 and 2. In year 3students arrange their own appointment-based one-to-one sessions with clients within a placement setting. There is a requirement to complete a minimum of 50 client sessions during 3rd year. Over the 14 years the MA has been runningplacements have been arranged in the following settings:

Department of Adult PsychiatryMater Misericordiae Hospital
Department of PsychiatryNational Maternity HospitalHolles Street
The Royal HospitalDonnybrook
Department of Old Age PsychiatrySt. Ita's Portrane & Beaumont Hospital
Hospitaller Order of St. John of GodLucena ClinicOrwell Road
Stewarts HospitalPalmerstown
Department of Psychiatry & Mental Health ResearchSt. Vincent's University Hospital
Navan Mental Health Service
St Audoen's National SchoolDublin 8
Mounttown Neighbourhood Youth ProjectDun Laoghaire
Dolphin Homework ClubDolphin's Barn
Kilbarrack Coast Community Project
Saol projectDublin 1
Shine Dublin 1
St. Enda's National SchoolDublin 2
Tower Probation ProjectClondalkin

Assessment

Continuous monitoring of clinical practice
Continuous assessment of Psychiatric Case Conference Reflections
Continuous assessment and end of year report in infant observation
Continuous assessment of academic components
Research thesis at the end of the programme

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to the MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapyapplicants must:

Hold a minimum second-class Honours (2.2) in an undergraduate degree in the psychological and medical scienceshumanitiesarts or social sciences.
Have the minimum requirement in English Language which is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English
Complete a personal statement of approximately 400 words outlining why they wish to pursue this particular course
Attend two one-to-one interviews with psychoanalytic practitionersone of whom is typically the Programme Leader.

Applicants with an undergraduate degree in other areas may be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Actsanyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staffvolunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/ or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Accreditation

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy meets the Professional Body's Masters' component requirement whichwhen combined with the Post-Masters' componentmakes graduates eligible to apply with confidence for accredited membership of this Body. For instancethe MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapycombined with the Post-Masters' Specific Modality Training in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy in The School of Psychotherapy (TSOP) at St Vincent's Universityis recognised as a (minimum) 4-year training by the Association for Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI). Graduates of the combined programmeMasters + Post-Mastersare eligible to apply for membership of APPI which then automatically means membership of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy (ICP).

In turnthese graduates meet requirements to apply for membership of the European Association for Psychotherapy (EAP).

Career Opportunities

For students who wish to pursue training as a psychoanalytic psychotherapistwhen combined with the post-Masters' trainingbut who have minimal clinical exposure to the phenomena of mental sufferingwhich includes psychiatric illnessaddictionlearning disability etc.this MA provides the ideal initial step of that training. Currently a basic requirement for entry into work in the field of mental health is having experience of mental health settings during training.

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy is unique in Ireland in providing a very impressive amount of hours in challenging clinical educational and social care settings. A graduate with this amount of experience will have a very impressive CV if applying to work in similar settings. In addition the MAwhen combined with the postMasters' trainingprovides a basis for developing private practice. For the duration of the MA students engage in their own personal psychoanalysisthe cornerstone of any practice calling itself psychoanalytic.

Over the yearsthe MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy has provided a very stimulating basis not only for those graduates who wish to pursue work and practice in the field of psychoanalytic psychotherapy but also for graduates who wish to work in social and community careor educational settings.



Master of Arts (MA) in Psychotherapy

Key Features of the MA in Psychotherapy

Designed for graduates from disciplines related to counselling and psychotherapy
Aims to meet the needs of individuals who wish to train as professional psychotherapists
Designed with close attention paid to requirements of professional bodies and discussions regarding statutory and European regulation in the field
Delivered on a modular basistypically students will attend classes on two evenings per weeks and attend weekend workshops once or twice a month
Comprises of Theoretical componentsPersonal PsychotherapyWeekly Process Groups and Supervised Clinical Counselling/Psychotherapy Practice
The orientation is primarily humanistic/integrative
Includes master classes and workshops from experienced practitioners

Course Content

The Master of Arts (MA) in Psychotherapy programme has the following content:

Core Modules

Supervised Clinical Practice
Clinical Group Supervision
Process Group
Theory and Practice 1: Psychodynamic Psychotherapy
Theory and Practice 2: Integrative Psychotherapy
Theory and Practice 3: Object Relations
Theory and Practice 4: Integrative Psychotherapy
Gestalt Therapy
Existential Psychotherapy
Ethics and Contemporary Issues
The Body in Psychotherapy
Psychotherapy and the Public Sphere

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time2 years

Workshops
SelfSubjectPerson
Research Project

Overview

The MA in Psychotherapy offers a postgraduate qualification which meets requirements for professional training for individuals interested in training as humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapists in the integrative model. The course has been designed for graduates from a Level 8 Counselling and Psychotherapy programme who are suitable for supervised clinical training in humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapy in accordance with the integrative model. A combination of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy (or equivalent) and the MA in Psychotherapy at Dublin Business School fulfils the requirements and is recognised by the professional body of IAHIP. The MA course is also research focused and therefore provides students with a range of research skills appropriate to the field of counselling and psychotherapy.

Structure

The MA in Psychotherapy is delivered on a modular basis during evenings and weekends and will normally take students two years to complete. During each yearstudents will normally study two evenings a week for two 12 week semesters and attend weekend experiential workshops and seminars. In this time students will participate in experiential group learning and attend academic lecturesboth of which direct their study and understanding of counselling and the theories and practices of counselling and psychotherapy.

In the second year of the programme there are two Master Class modules involving highly experienced practitioners bringing that experience to a teaching context. In order to best equip students research methodologies

and the range of contemporary issues that face professional psychotherapists will also be amongst the topics studied.

Fundamental to training in the field of counselling and psychotherapy is the undergoing of one's own psychotherapy. This work of clarifying one's actions and motivations is challengingstimulating and ultimately rewarding at a personal level as well as grounding professional practice. Students should expect to be in their own personal therapy for the duration of the MA.

The MA programme involves students beginning supervised clinical counselling/psychotherapy practice. Supporting thisin addition to the personal psychotherapy mentioned above are two forms of clinical supervision individual and group. The two supervision arrangements provide the opportunity for students to articulate their questions regarding their therapeutic interventions and position. Group supervision is incorporated into the MA timetable. Payment in relation to one's personal psychotherapy and individual supervision is not included in the course fee and is arrange individually with the therapist and supervisor.

Assessment

Each year students are assessed not only on their skills and academic knowledge but they also participate in two feedback meetings per year to discuss their progress in training. Feedback and assessment are the basis of a decision regarding their suitability for professional practice as counsellors and psychotherapistsand ultimately their qualification with the MA.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Arts in Psychotherapy are:

A Level 8 undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum SecondClass Second Division (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in Counselling and Psychotherapy or an
equivalent qualification in a cognate area from a recognised third-level institutionor
A graduate of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion-style programme such as the DBS Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy (wherein they have passed all requirements at Honours levelincluding oral examination of professional suitability)or
Hold an equivalent qualification in the field of HumanisticIntegrative and Psychodynamic study and training or have equivalent professional qualifications
Suitable candidates should be able to demonstrate significant life experienceself-awareness and maturity. Learners on the Master of Arts in Psychotherapy programme are required to have entered their own psychotherapy before commencement of the programme. This will have been a requirement of the required prior learning qualification indicated above. Prior learning qualifications should also have included a minimum of 60 hours process group work
Ideally candidates should also have experience either professionally or on a voluntary basis in a role which can be related to the work of counselling/psychotherapy. Candidates are expected to be able to show evidence of having the personal qualities necessary to undertake psychotherapy training. To this end there is an interview process as part of the admissions procedure in order to assess academic and personal suitability
Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Holders of the MA in Psychotherapy will be qualified to work in the following areas:

The Voluntary Sector
Primary Care settings
Social Care settings
Educational settings
Private Practice following admission to a professional body

It is envisaged that the programme will appeal to those interested in further postgraduate studysuch as at PhD level.

Accreditation

The MA in Psychotherapy offers a postgraduate qualification which meets requirements for professional training for individuals interested in training as humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapists in the integrative model.

For instancethe Masters in Psychotherapy combined with our Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is recognised as a 4 year training by IAHIP (Irish Association for Humanistic Integrative Psychotherapy).

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Actsanyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staffvolunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/ or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Master of Science (MSc) in Applied Psychology

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Applied Psychology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Suited to

This programme is suited to graduates who hold a first qualification in Psychology of an upper Second Class Honours (2.1) at NFQ Level 8 or above accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland or show eligibility for accreditation by the Psychological Society of Ireland.

Core Modules

Advanced Quantitative Research Methods and Analysis
Advanced Qualitative Research Methods and Analysis
Addiction and Rehabilitation
Psychometrics and Psychometric Testing
Applied Neuroscience
Motivationleadership & positive Psychology
Public and Community Health
The Psychological Practitioner and the Therapeutic Relationship
Life transitions and interventions
Professional Issues and Ethics in Applied Psychology
Capstone 1 (Research Placement)
Capstone 2 (Major Dissertation)

Overview

The programme will provide learners with an insight into the field of applied psychologythus developing the competencies and skills required to relate theory to practical applications. The learner will explore various theories of psychology that will enable them to understand human behaviour from individualsocial and biological perspectives.

The programme is comprised of both core modules and elective modules. Elective modules form two distinct career pathways in the areas of organisational psychology and health psychology.

Central to this programme are the areas of analysisinterventionapplicationevaluation and research. There is a strong focus on ethicsprofessional skills and personal development.

Upon completion of the programme learners will be able to competently investigate contemporary local and global issues using an applied psychological perspective and design solutions to match.

Aims and Objectives

Who is the Programme aimed at?

The programme is designed for Psychology graduates who wish to enhance their skills and knowledge in professional areas of Psychology before entering further specialised professional training in Psychologyor pursuing PhD research. In additionas a key feature of this programme is the development of transferable skillsthe programme will be of benefit to learners seeking to enter or progress their careers in a variety of professions in both the public and private sectors.

Structure

The programme consists of 60 ECTS of mandatory taught content and culminates in an elective choice of either Research Placement (Capstone 1) or Major Dissertation (Capstone 2)each weighted at 30ECTS. The assessment components for each of these modules are due in the summer semester (AprilAugust) for the full-time programme and Semester four (January-April) on the part-time programme. Work will typically will commence in the previous semester following the completion of the ethics process.

The programme contains an embedded exit awardthe Postgraduate Diploma in Science in Applied Psychology (60 ECTSNFQ Level 9) which is available for those who cannot complete the research component of this programme for personal or professional reasons.



Assessment

Subjects will be assessed through a combination of end of semester examination and continuous assessment. In keeping with the emphasis on skills development and application in the programmethe assessment methods will require learners to demonstrate proficiency in appropriate areasapply their learning and practical skills to provide solutions to practical issuesand demonstrate clear understanding and critical awareness of core concepts. Learners will also be exposed to guest lecturers from a variety of subject areas within psychology.

Entry Requirements

A first qualification in Psychology of an upper Second Class Honours (2.1) at NFQ Level 8 or above accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland or show eligibility for accreditation by the Psychological Society of Ireland. (In exceptional casesthe college may accept a lower Second-class Honours degree in Psychology on the basis of an interview).

For applicants whose first language is not Englishthe minimum English language requirement for entry to the programme is IELTS score 6.5 (or equivalent).

Career Opportunities

Holders of the MSc in Applied Psychology will be open to careers in areas such as research and evaluation poststeaching/lecturing and human resource managementas well as market researchsocial policy advocatesadministrative positionshealth care settings and training and development specialists. The programme may also appeal to those learners keen to pursue further post graduate studies in the field of psychology.

Master of Science (MSc) in Health Psychology*

Overview of Programme

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Health Psychology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

The Master of Science in Health Psychology (NFQ Level 990 ECTS) is a one year full-time (3 semester) or two years (4 semester) part-time programme that provides learners with the theoretical background and practical skills to apply their psychological knowledge efficiently and productively to effect positive change in the world in the pursuit of health promotion and illness prevention. The programme covers a wide range of specialist topics that provides learners with the knowledge of theories and concepts relating to the contribution of psychological processes to health and illness and helps them understand how this knowledge can be applied in a variety of contemporary settings at individualcommunity and global levels.

Learners will explore human behaviour from individualsocial and biological perspectives and through a detailed understanding of the disciplineboth theoretically and methodologicallyand will be enabled to assess appropriate interventions and design appropriate solutions for health needs. Modules focus on the applied nature of professional and ethical issues and advanced research methods while others have a specific focus upon the application of theory to the 'real world' allowing learners to further develop and apply competencies and knowledge in Health Psychology. Finallythe programme offers a choice of elective capstone (30 ECTS) pathways that provide an opportunity for research placement and minor dissertationor the production of a major dissertation. Learners who complete the full programme will therefore also develop and enhance their research capability through critical enquiry and detailed analytical problem solving.

Course Content

Advanced Quantitative Research Methods and Analysis
Advanced Qualitative Research Methods and Analysis
Addiction and Rehabilitation
Public and Community Health
Global Health
Occupational Health Psychology
Personal Development and Stress Management
Survivorship
Professional Issues and Ethics in Applied Psychology
Capstone 1 Research Placement
Capstone 2 Major Dissertation

Aims and Objectives

The objectives of the programme are to:

Enable learners to explore the various theoriesconcepts and processes of Health Psychology.
Facilitate critical evaluation of competing Psychological theories through critical analysis and appraisal of Psychological studies and projects in health and illness.
Enable learners to understand how these theories can be applied to understanding human behaviour from individualsocial and biological perspectives.
Relate Psychological conceptstheories and processes to a variety of professional individual and group settings and situations.
Develop in learners an understanding of contemporary local and global issues using a Health Psychological perspective.
Enable learners to assess appropriate interventions and design appropriate solutions for clients' needs using a Health Psychological perspective.
Develop in learners an understanding of the systematicreplicable and discoverable nature of Health Psychology.
Enable learners to explore advanced research methods and demonstrate a detailed understanding of the theoretical and methodological considerationsevidencing these skills in a research placement or major research project.
Provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their employment and educational opportunities and achieve the award of a Master of Science in Health Psychology.

Structure Full-time

As per College principles of fulltime deliverycontact hours are spread across a minimum of three days in the College week. This leaves two full days free for independent studythe fulfilment of research placement hours and engagement in the independent research process. Multimodal delivery has been aligned across weeks to ensure that learners do not have a mix of modes within any one day. Modules with synched schedules of delivery have been timetabled together on the same day to ensure consistency of on-campus and online/asynchronous requirements.

Part-time

The proposed programme is offered as a part-time delivery with a recommended learning path that allows completion within a minimum twoyear period. For part-time learnerstheir timetable follows a two-evening structure in Semester one and Semester threewith an additional half evening in Semester two due to the introduction of the Capstone module contact hours. As for the full-time learnerspart-time delivery of Capstone contact hours is fully online and scheduled strategically across Semester two to support the preparation of learner proposals and the commencement of the ethics review process and is cross listed between the Capstone 1 and Capstone 2 modules. There are no class contact hours in Semester fourwith the Capstone submission occurring at the end of this semester. Multimodal delivery has been aligned across weeks to ensure that learners do not have a mix of modes within any one evening. Modules with synched schedules of delivery have been timetabled together on the same evening to ensure consistency of on-campus and online/asynchronous requirements.

Teaching and Assessment

Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writingin-class presentationgraded group dissertation and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessments are clearly communicated to students.

Career Opportunities

Areas of employment for graduates of this programme lie within the extensive range of creative networks and cultural infrastructure of Dublin and beyond.

Employment opportunities include:

Film makers
Script writing
Creative consultancy
Technicians
Designers
Creative writing
Creative projects management
Creative sector management
Socially engaged projects
Public art projects
Arts administration
Curation

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admissionapplicants must hold a minimum of an upper Second Class Honours degree (or above) in Psychology at NFQ Level 8 award from a recognised University coursewhich confers eligibility for PSI membership or equivalent professional body in the case of overseas applicants. In exceptional casesthe college may accept a lower Second Class Honours degree in Psychology at NFQ Level 8 award from a recognised University courseon the basis of an interview. For applicants whose first language is not Englishthe minimum English language requirement is B2+ + or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL).

Career Opportunities

Potential career options for learners pursuing the proposed Master of Science in Health Psychology include both cognate and noncognate opportunities e.g. as Health Psychologistswellness expertstrainerspublic health advocatessocial policy advocatesin research and evaluation poststeaching/lecturingadministrative positionshealth care settings and in general health promotion. It will also appeal to those keen to pursue further postgraduate studies in the field of Psychology.

From the graduate perspective many continue to further postgraduate specialisms or into employment in a variety of differing roles. When the current labour market reports are reviewed there is evidence of a need for Psychologists in the areas of health carewith NGOsin education and research areasand now emerging in the social media providers and Artificial intelligence type companies. A snapshot of vacancies in the Dublin region alone in January 2021 had organisations such as FacebookQualtricsSimon CommunityPeter McVerry Trust and Praxis all seeking to recruit individuals with a degree or higher qualification in Psychology. Specific to the field of Psychology with a health focus were advertisements from organisations including Simon CommunityTUSLAPieta HouseSt. Michael's House and the HSE.

Graduates of the proposed Master of Science in Health Psychology will be uniquely placed to provide an informed and articulate summary of the critical factors shaping human behaviourspecifically in relation to health and wellbeingat individualcommunity and global levels. As workplaces grow and take more account of their responsibility to their workforce in supporting their mental and physical wellbeingemployers will look to our graduates to help develop and lead programmesinterventions and strategies to aid their workforce in reaching their full potential.

*  Subject to Validation.

BusinessMarketingFinance and IT


Higher Diploma in Business

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Business

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Suited to

Graduates who wish to acquire core business skills

Management and Organisational Behaviour
Marketing
Business ICT
Legal Issues for Business
Economics
Professional Skills for Personal Development
Human Capital Management
Strategic Marketing
Business Finance
Innovation and Entrepreneurship
Business Strategy (Capstone)

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Business is a conversion course for non-business graduates who wish to acquire core business skills which will enable graduates to play an active role in the managementsustainability and development of commercial enterprise. Graduates willupon completion of this programmeenter the business world and/or progress to a management role within a general or specific field or sub-field of business. Throughout the course learners will have acquired the necessary skills and business acumen to strategically appraise business opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate into decisionmaking roles with an organisation. The Higher Diploma in Business will see graduates being capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic opportunities and challenges in the business world and do so in a creative fashion promoting business sustainability and growth. Graduates will be also be in a position take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies.

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

Equip learners with an understanding of the theory and principles underlying business function(s) and administration.
Advance in learners an appropriate expertise in the major aspects of businessand an awareness of core disciplines.
Develop a range of key interpersonal skillscharacteristics and attitudes to learners to work professionallyindividually and in a team.
Cultivate in learners a range of key skillspersonal qualities and attitudes essential to support progression to a career in business or to further academic study.
Develop learner capacity to organise diverse informationargumentsand conclusions and present them in a clear coherent way.
Relate business principlesconcepts and theories and frameworks to a wide range of business and industry settings.
Understand the various functions of business and demonstrate this awareness by producing a multifaceted and innovative business strategy.
Enable learners to apply their learning through in their professional lives reflecting their professional and personal development.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Business programme comprises 60 ECTS. The programme has ten 5 ECTS module and one 10 ECTS module with the latter acting as a capstone. In the full-time mode60 ECTS will be delivered in one academic year over two academic semesters. In part-time mode60 ECTS will be delivered over eighteen monthsthree academic semesters.

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme. This semester encompasses foundational modules such as Management and Organisational Behaviour and Marketing as well as Business ICT and focuses on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant conceptssuch as a proficiency in the use of ICT and the interpretation of the Legal Issues in Business and the economic backdrop to the business environment.

Semester two builds on this by covering Human Capital ManagementStrategic MarketingBusiness FinanceInnovation and Entrepreneurship as well as Business Strategy in which the knowledgeunderstanding and skills acquired in the first semester can be employed. Soft skill or competency based modules are found in Semester 1 namely Professional Skills for Personal Developmentspecifically from a business-oriented perspective. The modules when taken together provide key skills for enabling the execution of strategic changes based on insights from interdisciplinary outputs such as marketing or ICT to ensure agility within the market.

Business Strategy is proposed as a Capstone module to capture the learning acquired in semester one as well as previous learning and experience. To synthesise learning into a strategic report is a key graduate attribute and ensures the diversity of modules on the programme are linked and interrelated as they would be in a contemporary business organisation within a global business environment.

Taken together these skills will enable graduates to secure job positions in industry in the diverse field of business.

Assessment

Student assessment will be based on a combination of continuous assessment and end of semester examinations. Continuous assessment will involve a number of assessment methodsincluding research essaysanalysis of case studiespractical assessments and projects. For the purpose of continuous assessment students will be required to work individually and in groups. End of semester examinations will usually be closed booktimed constrained written examinationswhich will feature a range of question styles.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Business are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third-level institution in a noncognate area.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Graduatesupon completion of this programmewill be able to enter the business world and/or progress to a management role within a general or specific field or subfield of business. Throughout the course learnersacquire the necessary skills and business acumen to strategically appraise business opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate into decision-making roles with an organisation. The Higher Diploma in Business produces graduates capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic opportunities and challenges in the business world and do so in a creative fashion promoting business and commercial enterprise sustainability and growth. Graduates thereforeare in a position take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies as well as enter the field of business professionally.

Graduates will have the skills necessary to move into a management role within a variety of business functions such as marketingpeople management or management of a department such as ICT within an organisations. They will have the business expertise to take a strategic view of business opportunities and challengesand graduates will effectively integrate cutting edge analytics into decision-making in their company. In this waythe Higher Diploma in Business offers a consolidated and emphasised focus on strategic business decision-making fully integrated with personal and professional skills development as an effective means to improve business performanceproductivity and efficiency.

Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

The Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management has the following content:

Creating an Environment for Successful Projects
Project Feasibility and Planning
Communication in Project Leadership and Team Development
Project Management IT Essentials
Project Execution
Project MonitoringControl and Evaluation
Delivering Change and Innovation
Project Management Simulation

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management provides the practical knowledge and skills in the area of project management for learners who wish to upskill or reskill in this area to avail of future employment or further education opportunities. Learners on this graduate conversion programme will benefit from foundational knowledge and skills fundamental to project management in developing projectsunderstanding the planningexecutionmonitoringcontrol and closure of projects as well as gaining applied skills in IT and the collaborative online tools available to support project management. The programme engenders an awareness of the importance of transferable and crossenterprise skills and graduates will be able to apply these skills to a range of contexts.

Programme Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

Equip learners with an understanding of the theory and principles underlying the role and management of projects.
Advance learners with sufficient expertise in the core aspects of project managementand an awareness of key issues.
Enable learners to relate project management principlesconceptsand theories to a wide range of business and industry settings.
Ensure learners have a solid understanding of the main frameworksmethodologiestools and techniques of project management.
Equip learners with an understanding of the various roles and functions of projects within the wider professionalsocialeconomic and cultural environment.
Develop learners' capacity to initiateplanimplementmonitorcontrol and close projects and understand the importance of knowledge transfer and legacy management strategies.
Develop in learners a range of key interpersonal skillscharacteristics and attitudes to learners to work professionallyindividually and within a project team.
Cultivate in learners a range of key skillspersonal qualities and attitudes essential to support progression to a career in business and project management or to further academic study.

Structure

The programme will be delivered across two semesters comprised of twelve weeks each across twelve months. In the part-time modethe schedule consists of three semesters of twelve weeks across eighteen months.

Semester one comprises a broad overview of project management generally with an overview of the project management lifecycle and an introduction to key frameworksmethodologiesproject initiationfeasibility and planning.

Semester two builds on this by covering more advanced modules on project management tools and techniquescollaborative online software and delivering change and innovation. Finallylearners can synthesise their learning in applied skills in a capstone summative assessment a Project Management Simulation.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in an innovative and flexible mannerconsisting of lecturesworkshopsgroup workpresentationsblended learning and guest speakers from industry and academia. The programme is aimed at learners who seek an underpinning in key project management theories and concepts as well as project management processestoolstechniques and skills.

Learners will develop project acumen through formative and summative assessmentswhich capture the resilience and agility required of graduates in undertaking projects in contemporary and diverse environments. Assessment strategies include case Studies Business reportspresentationsreflective journalingIT simulations and practical lab exams.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management is aimed at learners with the following entry qualifications:

A Level 8 honours bachelor's degree in a non-cognate area with a minimum pass classification.
A Level 7 ordinary bachelor's degree in a cognate area (cognate areas include businessfinancemanagement).
Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.
Applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught in Englishmust provide evidence of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge Certificate or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Career Opportunities

On completion of this programmelearners will have the competencies to make them suited to a broad range of career and professional development options and progress on the path towards becoming a successful project manager in a wide variety of contexts.

Graduates have the potential to work across numerous industriesfor example: ICTeducationbankingfinanceengineering and construction and many more.

Some of the roles include:

Project Manager
Junior Project Manager
Associate Project Manager
Assistant Project Manager
Digital Project Manager
Project Coordinator
Project Administrator
Programme Manager

Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance

Overview

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Demand for new aircraft continues to risewith 17 ,000 aircraft estimated to be ordered globally over the next decade. This demand is being driven by passenger numbers that are predicted to double by 2030 to 73 million. An increasing critical factor in growth of the aviation industry are the aircraft lessors who now owe over 40% of the world's fleet (versus 25% in 2000). Of the world's top aircraft lessorsa remarkable 14 are based in Ireland. It is estimated that an Irish leased aircraft takes off every two seconds somewhere in the world.

Whilst this dominant market share is underpinned by the business and tax environmentsit is also highly dependent on talent. As an industry focused educational institutionDBS sees itself as supporting the talent pillar of the Irish economyand therefore Aviation Finance is a natural domain for the institution to explore the development of a new programme.

The Skills Strategy 2025 emphasises the 'increasingly interdisciplinary nature of the world of work […] which overlaps in the skills required across different sectors and occupations'. Moreoverthe Skills Strategy 2025 looks to transversal skillsbasicgenericcore or practical skills as being the cornerstone for an individual's personal development and the building blocks for the development of the hardvocational or technical skills.

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Financeis underpinned by a strong foundation in leadership and emphasises the development of effective financial management skills to structure aviation leasesstructured finance deals using Special Purpose Vehiclesmanaging aviation leases throughout the lease lifecycleand being well positioned to contribute to the digital transformation of aviation leasing. The long-term career prospectus for those undertaking postgraduate studies in businesscommerce or economics remain excellent with increasing numbers of undergraduates going onto further postgraduate studies.

Course Content

The modules on The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance include:

Aircraft Leasing Legal Frameworks
Aircraft Leasing Taxation
Aviation Finance and Financial Statement Analysis
Aircraft Economics and Life Cycle Management
Aviation Financial Management
Digitisation and Innovation in the Aviation Industry

Aims and Objectives

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance aims to provide learners with the relevant knowledgeskills and competence to engage in professional work in the aircraft leasing and securitisation industry. It will also provide learners with the knowledgeskills and competence to operate in many areas of the finance or aviation industries.

This programme covers a wide range of Aviation Finance topicswhilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practicalapplied skills in core areas such as data and financial analyticsaviation financeregulationsoperationsAviation Leasing Tax and Insurance. Its aim is to create a competence of core financial technologies and financial operations while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

Aviation Finance can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Through the work of the Programme Team and in conjunction with the industry expertsAviation Finance has been defined as a combination of financial systemsdata management and technology including areas such as

Project ManagementRisk ManagementCyber SecurityLaw and RegulationInformation TechnologyAircraft Economics and Life Cycle Management and Aviation finance. The programme aims and learning outcomes have been designed to reflect these specific areas.

The programme incorporates a strong focus on so-called practical skills within modules to enhance learners' employabilityand to equip them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by developing skills such as leadershipself-management and teamwork that are essential in the Aviation Finance sectorwhich is a rapidly changing industry which requires motivated and flexible employees. The Applied Project module requires students to identify a problem or issue in the Aviation Finance domain and to apply problem-solving skills to research and analyse the issue and develop real-world solutionsand to critically reflect on this research process.

Guest Lectures from industry and the Aviation Finance sector will be invited to participate in each module. Approximately 2 to 3 hours will be devoted to domain experts in each modulewhere appropriate industry visits will be organised.

Additionallystudents will be invited to DBS Finance Society and its FinTech Society. Students will also be invited to attend the DBS 'Fintech Breakfast Briefings'which occur regularly on campusand various other FinTech meetups hosted in DBS e.g. FinTech Ireland Bridge with FinTech Atlanta.

The specific programme aims are to:

Provide learners with a holistic overview of the frameworks governing aircraft leasing.
Provide learners with an understanding of the aviation leasing taxation legislation and networks.
Enable learners to source and analyse the financial and non-financial information relating to an airline performance.
Develop learners' capacity to utilise the core valuation techniques used to evaluate and value aircraft leasing investments.
Enable learners to analyse the macro and more specific variables determining the supply/demand of the aviation industry.
Allow learners to apply critical management strategies through the various phase of an aircraft's life cycle.
Enable learners to evaluate the sources of capital and the financing structures employed in aircraft leasing.
Allow learners to identifyassess and manage creditand other systematicrisk factors in aviation finance.
Provide learners with an understanding of the evolving digitisationand analytic valueof an aircraft's lifecycle data.
Enable the learners to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills.
Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.

Upon completion of the programmelearners will be able to:

Demonstrate a practical understanding of the legal frameworks governing aviation leasing.
Appraise the key features of the taxation systems governing the operation of aviation leasing and aviation finance.
Analyse financial and nonfinancial information to assess the performance of commercial airlines.
Utilise various valuation techniques appraise value creating aircraft leasing investment decisions.
Evaluate the macroeconomic and other factors driving supply/demand in the aviation industry.
Apply aircraft lifecycle management strategies throughout the various phases of an aviation lease.
Assess the sources of capitalstandard approaches to aviation leasingand the term structure of aviation financing.
Analyse credit riskand the management of and other systematic risk factors in the aviation industry.
Evaluate the evolving digitisation of aircraft record management the impact of predictive analytics and blockchain technologies on the contemporary and future aviation industry.
Display a range of personal and interpersonal skillsincluding the capacity for continuous learninginitiative takingperforming to deadlinesworking in a teamcommunicating effectively.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to this programmeapplicants must hold a minimum full level 7 Bachelor's Degree in a cognate discipline such as businessfinanceengineeringtechnology or Sciencewith a minimum pass classification.or a full level 8 Honours Bachelor's Degree in a non-cognate discipline.

Candidates will be required to have at minimum of Ordinary-Level Leaving Certificate mathematicsor be able to demonstrate competency at an equivalent level.

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Recognition of Prior Learning

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a pass award level and who have at least 3 years' relevant work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Structure

Six Key Components

Classroom lectures
Case Based learning
Practical Skills Sessions
Workshops
Tutorials
Individual and Group work

Assessment Methods

DBS's Strategy for Learning Teaching and Assessment Enhancement (DBS 2019) is a plannedactionable commitment to achieve a learning centred integrated flexible learning environment. This commitment is reflected in this programme in the engagement with learnerindustry and educator expertise in the construction of the programme and in its thoughtful balance of the different modes of delivery to offer a variety of teaching strategies delivered consistently across the programme.

The experiential and practical nature of the programme is reflected in the most common learning approach in the programme being lab-based lecturers and tutorialstogether with classroom-based lecturers and tutorials. Workshops feature throughout the programme to tackle technical and practical topicswhich emphasises the experiential and practical nature of the programme. As do the use of case studies and model examples from industry. Peer review is also visible throughout the programmefor examplethe use of the pairing approach for code review and the peer review of academic articles. Directed e-learningwhere the lecturer has scaffolded learner interaction with online reusable learning objectsfeatures in each of the modules. Progressive practical skills-based exercises are also utilised consistently as formative assessment in a number of modulestogether with online quizzes. Many of these formative exercises are smallwith ongoing submissionthereby progressively building the learner skills base.

Learning Teaching and assessment for the programme is utilises a problembased learning approach to encourage learners to develop problem-solving skills relating to real-world scenarios. Modules will be delivered through a mix of lecturesworkshopstutorialsand teaching will focus on the learner undertaking critical reflection and critique of industry case studies.

Career Opportunities

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance programme differentiates from existing offerings in its focus upon the digitisation of the industry and the evolution of technological innovationand in delivery upon the programmes learning outcomes developing the skills/attributes required to meet industry demand the programme intends to provide a clear pathway for its graduates' employment/career opportunities. Aviation Finance can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Aviation Finance has been defined as a combination of financial systemsdata management and technology including areas such as Project ManagementRisk ManagementCyber SecurityLaw and RegulationInformation TechnologyData Analytics for Aviation Finance and Financial Services.

The programme will produce graduates who can implement aircraft finance strategiesunderstand the financing required for these strategiesmanage associate riskwork with various legal environmentsappreciate the implications of differing taxation systemsas well as producing graduates who understand and can lead the upcoming digital transformation of the industry.

Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Advanced Analytics & Web Application
Applied Data Analytics
Big Data Managing and Processing
Data and Network Mining
Data Visualisation & Communications
Databases and Business Applications
Platforms for Data Analytics
Programming for Data Analytics
Project
Statistics for Data Analytics

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing in Data Analytics.

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics provides the practical knowledge and skills in the area of computing and data science for learners who wish to upskill or reskill in this area. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Data Analytics necessary for them to secure employment and perform as graduate level ICT/Data Analytical practitioners in a broad range of commercialindustrial and public sector environments. Learners will benefit from theoretical knowledge fundamental to apply advanced analytics in web and business applicationpredictive modellingstatisticsprogrammingmachine learningand advanced visualisation to data sets through a variety of tools and techniques in order to generate actionable insights for stakeholders and support strategic decision making.

Aims and Objectives

The objectives of the programme are to:

Develop learner's criticality in order to analyse industry trends in Big Data.
Develop learners who are capable of performing robustsignificant reports on the future orientation of the field of data analytics with specific emphasis on the problem domain.
Provide learners with a platform to develop the requisite technical and design skills required by industry and to deepen knowledge of statistical analysis and analytical models.
Enable learners to implement scalable Big Data applications.
Prepare learners to work effectively and collaboratively in the execution of common goals.
Provide work opportunities where learners can apply knowledge to a real-world situation.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics is a one year full-time or two years part-time programme.

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme and encompasses mostly foundational modules that focus on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant conceptsa proficiency in the use of programming for data analytics and Statistics for Data Analytics and Databases and Business Application.

Semester two builds on this by covering advanced modules in which the knowledgeunderstanding and skills acquired in the first semester can be employed. Semester two also comprises an elective module of project or placement modulewhich focuses on applied skills.



Teaching and Assessment

Entry Requirements

Career Opportunities

This variety of learning approaches noted above can be offered including face-to-facelive onlinerecorded onlineand directed e-learning. The experiential and practical nature of the programme is reflected in the most common learning approach in the program being lab-based lecturers and tutorialstogether with classroombased lecturers and tutorials.

Assessment will reflect the applied nature of the programme and will include a combination of 'take-home' assignmentsskills-based assessmentspractical lab tasksprojectsdemonstrations and presentations in addition to conventional examinations.

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in a non-cognate area and ideally be able to demonstrate mathematical problem solving skills as part of previous programme learning. i.e. maths at Leaving Cert level would suffice.

Or

A minimum Level 7 Ordinary Bachelor's degree in a cognate area such as computer science,technologynetworkinginformation systemsengineeringgeneral sciencemathematicsstatisticsdata science.

Or

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Data Analysts are in strong demand from industry; those who are successful in completing the course are highly employable in fields as diverse as healthcarefinance and insuranceas well as cloud computing.

Roles types that may be suitable for graduates include:

Senior Data Analyst
Data Engineering and Analytics
Financial Analyst
Power BI Data Analyst
Consulting: Data Analyst
Lead Business Analyst

Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Postgraduate Diploma

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Introduction to User-Centred Design
Psychology in User Experience Design
User Research and Design Requirements
Introduction to Universal Design
UX and UI Design
User Testing and Analytics
Portfolio

Overview

This Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience (NFQ Level 860 ECTS) conversion programme enables learners to acquire knowledge and skills in user experienceinteractive technologies and interaction design in order to apply these skills in a real-worldprofessional context.

Learners will understand the key concepts and theories underpinning user experience (UX) and user interaction (UI) whilst also developing applied skills and understanding in this field. Learners will be introduced to user-centred approaches in design; explore the life cycle of the user experience and interaction design processits purposeresearch approachthe psychology behind user experience designhow to design for accessibility using universal design principlesas well as user-testing and metricsdesign thinking and game design.

Through discovering the user experience context and the industrystandard toolstechnologies and specific project deliverableslearners will be able to apply their learning in personal and professional contexts.

The objectives of the programme are to:

Provide an academically rigorous framework through which students can develop an awareness of usercentred design learning in the user experience field.
Develop a systematic detailed knowledgeexperience and understanding of digital content curation for user experience in a modern organisation.
Demonstrate knowledge of interaction designtechnologies and tools.
Develop learners' knowledge and ability to apply interaction design and user experience to socialcognitive and behavioural psychology.
Enable learners to explore universal design principles and design thinking through gamification pedagogy.
Develop an in-depth appreciation of user testing and analytics and learn how these drive an organisation.
Apply user-research skills and curation ability to create a portfolio using effective and engaging user experience design.

Structure

The full-time programme will be delivered across two semesters of twelve weeks each across twelve months. In the part-time modethe schedule consists of three semesters of twelve weeks across eighteen months.

Semester one sets out to introduce the students to the importance of design practicebehavioural theorydesign practice and technology know-how that is necessary for a career as interaction designeruser researcheror head of user experience. It focuses upon the analysisdesignprototyping and evaluation of multimediamultimodaland multi-platform user interfaces that are easy to use and support a great user experience.



Semester twobuilds upon the foundations of Semester One with more applied structure to develop the learners' technical proficiencies and aptitudes towards creating value enhancing design solutions. The modules address a wide range of decision-making applications and factors encompassed within the modern IxD function.

The students will then complete a portfolio providing the learners with an opportunity to apply their skills and knowledge gainedand apply it to a creative problem industry driven solving design projects.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in a multimodal and flexible delivery consisting of face-to-face lectureslive online workshops and on-demand resources.

Due to the practical nature of this programme the summative assessment strategy is focused on a continuous assignment basis which gives the learner the opportunity to synthesise and build their learning in a portfolio at the end of the programme.

Assessment strategies include individual and group workwork portfoliopresentationsstoryboards etc.

Career Opportunities

Entry Requirements

The Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience (Level 860 ECTS) is aimed a learners with the following entry qualifications:

A Level 8 honours bachelor's degree in a non-cognate area with a minimum pass classification.

Or

A Level 7 ordinary bachelor's degree in a cognate area (cognate areas include marketingtechnology and related areas).

Or

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

The rise in employment opportunities in the area of interaction design and user experience is a global trend with increasing number of employment opportunities in sectors that are seeing a big boost in the use of new technologies in the areas of design interaction and user experience and the Internet of Things that are critical in new and emerging sectors of ICTgamingmobile communicationsmediamedical devicesconnected health and many more.

Role types that may be suitable for graduates include:

Interaction Designer
User Experience Researcher
User Experience Designer
UX Strategist & Interaction Designer
Visual Interaction Designer etc.

Higher Diploma in Science in Financial Technology (FinTech)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Financial Technology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

The Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech has the following content:

Block I

Financial Services Innovation
Fintech Regulatory Environment

Block II

Data Analytics
Fintech Operations

Block III

Blockchain and e-payments
Capstone (Project)

Overview

Technological innovation applied to financial services has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global financial system over the next decade.

This has created demand from graduates and employees for programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing financial services industry.

This is an interdisciplinary programme that focuses on financedata analytics and computing. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to FinTech the technology enabled business model innovation in the financial sector.

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-toend covering a wide range of financial technology topicswhilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as data and financial analyticse-Financefinancial services and cybersecurity while also offering applied skills in contemporary topics such as data analyticsand financial applications. Its aim is to create a mastery of core financial technologies and financial systems while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

Develop learner's criticality in order to analyse industry trends in Fintech
Provide learners with a platform to develop the requisite knowledge and technical skills in current and developing financial technologies
Prepare learners to work effectively and collaboratively in the execution of common goals
Provide learners with systematic knowledge of the management of Financial Technology in organisational and regulatory contexts
Facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace
Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner
Enable the learner to identifydevelop and apply analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills
Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.



Structure

Assessment

The programme is structured to deliver the taught componentcontributing 60 credits in one year full-time and two years part-time.

Full-time

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission Non-EU applicantsresident outside Ireland/EUmust apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of the six modules.

Part-time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

The course has six key components:

1. Class room lectures
2.  Case-based learning
3.  Practical skills sessions
4.  Workshops
5.  Tutorials
6.  Individual and group work

The Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Modules will be delivered through a mix of lecturesworkshops and tutorialsand teaching will focus on the learner applying problem solving skills and undertaking critical reflection and critique of case studies. Assessment methods include in-class tests and MCQSpresentationsanalysis of case studiesassignments and project work.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech are a Level 8 degree in a cognate discipline OR a Level 8 degree in a non-cognate discipline with 1-2 years professional experience in a related industry. Due to the mathematical nature of the content candidates will be required to show sufficient competency in mathematics.

In additionfor applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

Career Opportunities

FinTech has quickly become one of the biggest sectors in tech. From an employer perspectivethere are a number of companies looking for graduates with these skills in the short and medium term. Career opportunities exist in bankinginsuranceand technology companies as well as in innovative start-up situations.

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Software Development)

Overview

Awarding Body

Specific Skills that the proposed specialist software development stream is preparing participants for:

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Not currently available as a full-time option Part-Time2 Years

Competent knowledge with ObjectOriented Programming concepts & ability to implement these concepts to produce well designed ObjectOriented programs
Ability to designimplementtest and document Advanced Object-Oriented Programs
In-depth knowledge of unit testing and system testing
Ability to construct event-driven Graphical User Interfaces
Proficiency in programming languages such as C#.NET and Java
Competency to create & maintain a database using SQL
Expertise to develop relational and XML databases including native and Hybrid XML databases
Proficiency in current database & web application development languages and frameworks
Competency in document markup languages particularly HTML5XHTML and XML
Ability to develop Web-based applications using .Net framework & specifically ASP.NET
Expertise to manipulate a database from a web application using ADO.NET
Proficiency in using advanced Web development tools and techniques such as DHTML and AJAX
Designing and Developing a server side web application with database integration
Integrate social media features using API's
Application of current & emerging technologies to enhance the functionality of web application components.

Dublin Business School (DBS) in conjunction with Springboard+ and their Partner Network and other relevant industry partners have developed an intensive Part-Time Level 8 conversion award for a Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Software Development). This programme is specifically designed to address the demand for graduates with ICT skills in areas including Software Development and Software Engineering.

Aims & Objectives

The primary objective of the programme is to address ICT Skills gaps through the successful conversion of talented learners from non-computing/IT disciplines to meet identified skills needs in the economy.

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing. A feature of the part-time programme is the opportunity for the learner to engage in an industry related project. In addition to acquiring new skillslearners will apply and reinforce the knowledge and practical skills they have acquired during the taught element of the programme.

In Ireland in general software developers are among the most in-demand roles in the tech sector. Key skills common to all streams of the programme and acquired throughout semester one of the taught programme will include the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the core IT skills of software developmentdatabase design & developmentweb applicationnetworking and operating systems. Designdeveloptest and document software.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Higher Diploma in Science in Computing are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in any discipline.
Candidates will ideally be able to demonstrate technical or mathematical problem-solving skills as part of previous programme learning. Typicallyholders of more technicalnumerate degrees are like to gain a higher ranking in any order of merit in selection for the programme.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures

Course Content

This course will run over two academic yearswith four semesters. Modules within this programme include:

Information Systems Development & Management
Principles of Programming
Database Design and Development
Operating Systems & Networks
Web Design and Development
Object Oriented Programming

Students will be provided with a significant grounding in core computing modules. Students will pursue a specialisation stream in Software Development. This element is a focused set of modules and project work designed to bring candidates quickly to the industry entry standard for graduates in their chosen field of specialisation.

Specialised core modules include:

Advanced Programming
Web and Cloud Application Development

Upon completion of the above students will complete either a project or a work placement.

Personal Development Programme

To complement the academic programmelearners will follow a skills based Personal Development Programme (PDP). The programme has been designed in collaboration with industry to ensure that graduates are able to demonstrate the personal skills and aptitudes employers have highlighted as requirements and to assist graduates of the programme to integrate effectively into the work place. The PDP will be delivered across all four semesters.

Teaching & Assessment

DBS teaching and learning strategies are intended to facilitate students to take ownership ofand responsibility fortheir own learning in partnership with the academic faculty. A wide range of teaching and learning methods are used in the programme to ensure all learning styles are accommodated. Methods will include formal lecturesseminarsworkshopslab tutorialson-line video demonstrationsand presentations that will emphasise student participation and application to case studies and relevant computing and business issues.

The focus of the programme is on the application of learning to the real-life environment and therefore a significant proportion of this programme is computer based. Learners will be required to practice taught skills and elements of the course via self directed learning. Intellectual skills are developed through project worktutorial work and coursework assignments. In addition to the accredited modules learners will be timetabled to participate in personal development activities. Learners will therefore gain the necessary additional applied skills in order to expedite their integration into the workplace

Structure

The programme contains a deliberate mix of professional certification in relevant industry skillspersonal development and academic content. The part-time programme will run over 2 academic yearsand typically students will attend 2 evenings per week with some weekends per semester.

Career Opportunities

Upon completion of the programmegraduates would typically take up roles as:

Software Engineer/Developers/ Programmers/testers
Net Developer
Web Developer
Trainee Programme Analyst
Project Support Engineer
Technical Support Engineer
Database designer and developer
CRM Developer
IT Consultant

DBS fully recognises the importance of job readiness to the ICT Skills programme participant and has put in place an integrated and comprehensive Personal and Professional Development Service for ICT participants entitled "Jump Start Your Career". This intensive programme covers every aspect of the job procurement process and has greatly assisted ICT skills programme participants with their job search activities and preparation for employment.

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Web and Cloud Technologies)

Overview

Awarding Body

In-depth knowledge of fundamentals of Object-oriented programming using C#.NET

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Competency in document mark-up languages particularly HTML5XHTML and XML
Proficiency in using advanced Web development tools and techniques such as DHTML and AJAX
Competency to createdesign and develop a server side web application with database integration
Ability to design and develop relational and XML database models and implement them
Expertise to develop native and Hybrid XML databases
Access a database from a web application using ADO.NET
Integrate social media features using API's
In-depth understanding of Web services standards
Apply current & emerging technologies to enhance the functionality of web application components
Competent understanding of cloud computingdeployment & delivery models and cloud infrastructure skills
High level of knowledge of the underlying enablers of cloud computingnamely virtualisationimplementation mediums and storage frameworks
Designconfigure & manage a switched network. Implement a hierarchical structureloop avoidanceswitch convergence & VLANS
Design and implement a classless IP addressing scheme for a network
In-depth understanding of WAN technologiesfrom Frame Relay to MPLS to MetroEthernet
Buildconfiguremaintain & trouble shoot a network
Developing content on cloud such as using Content Management Systems such as Joomlaetc. on Windows Azure platform.

DBS in conjunction with Springboard+Microsoft Irelandtheir Partner Network and other Industry Partners have developed an intensive Part-Time Level 8 conversion award for a Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Web & Cloud Technologies). This programme is specifically designed to assist participants in obtaining jobs such as Web DevelopersCloud Support Consultants or Analysts.

Aims & Objectives

The primary objective of the programme is to address ICT Skills gaps through the successful conversion of talented learners from non-computing/IT disciplines to meet.

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing. A feature of the part-time programme is the opportunity for the learner to engage in an industry related project. In addition to acquiring new skillslearners will apply and reinforce the knowledge and practical skills they have acquired during the taught element of the programme.

In Ireland in general software developers are among the most indemand roles in the tech sector. Key skills common to all streams of the programme and acquired throughout semester one of the taught programme will include the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the core IT skills of software developmentdatabase design & developmentweb applicationnetworking and operating systems. Designdeveloptest and document software.

Specific Skills that the proposed specialist stream is preparing participants for:

Proficiency in current database and web application development languages and frameworks

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Higher Diploma in Science in Computing are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in any discipline.
Candidates will ideally be able to demonstrate technical or mathematical problem-solving skills as part of previous programme learning. Typicallyholders of more technicalnumerate degrees are like to gain a higher ranking in any order of merit in selection for the programme.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedure

Course Content

This course will run over two academic yearswith four semesters. Modules within this programme include:

Information Systems Development & Management
Principles of Programming
Database Design and Development
Operating Systems & Networks
Web Design and Development
Object-Oriented Programming

Students will be provided with a significant grounding in core computing modules. Students will pursue a specialisation stream in Web & Cloud Technologies. This element is a focused set of modules and project work designed to bring candidates quickly to the industry entry standard for graduates in their chosen field of specialisation.

Specialised core modules include:

Web and Cloud Application Development
Cloud Infrastructure and Virtualisation
Advanced Web Technologies

Upon completion of the above students will complete either a project or a work placement.

Personal Development Programme

To complement the academic programmelearners will follow a skills based Personal Development Programme (PDP). The programme has been designed in collaboration with industry to ensure that graduates are able to demonstrate the personal skills and aptitudes employers have highlighted as requirements and to assist graduates of the programme to integrate effectively into the work place. The PDP will be delivered across all four semesters.

Teaching & Assessment

DBS teaching and learning strategies are intended to facilitate students to take ownership ofand responsibility fortheir own learning in partnership with the academic faculty. A wide range of teaching and learning methods are used in the programme to ensure all learning styles are accommodated. Methods will include formal lecturesseminarsworkshopslab tutorialson-line video demonstrationsand presentations that will emphasise student participation and application to case studies and relevant computing and business issues.

The focus of the programme is on the application of learning to the real-life environment and therefore a significant proportion of this programme is computer based. Learners will be required to practice taught skills and elements of the course via self-directed learning. Intellectual skills are developed through project worktutorial work and coursework assignments. In addition to the accredited modules learners will be timetabled to participate in personal development activities. Learners will therefore gain the necessary additional applied skills in order to expedite their integration into the workplace

Structure

The programme contains a deliberate mix of professional certification in relevant industry skillspersonal development and academic content. This programme will run over 2 academic years and typically students will attend two evenings per week with some weekends per semester.

Career Opportunities/ Progression to Further Study

Upon completion of the programmegraduates would typically take up roles as:

Cloud Administrators
Cloud Computing Specialists
Windows Administrator
Web Developers/Analyst
Network Engineer
IT Support
Network Project Manager
Data Operations Engineer
Database designer and developer

DBS fully recognises the importance of job readiness to the ICT Skills programme participant and has put in place an integrated and comprehensive Personal and Professional Development Service for ICT participants entitled "Jump Start Your Career". This intensive programme covers every aspect of the job procurement process and has greatly assisted ICT skills programme participants with their job search activities and preparation for employment

Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing

Overview

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time: 1 Year

Part-Time: 18 Months

As more organisations rely on rich content to drive marketing success and serve customersthe ability to effectively manage digital assets and connect creative content across platforms and touchpoints becomes imperative. The Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing is a conversion programme for graduates who wish to up-skill in digital marketing strategytheory and practice. Graduates will acquire the necessary skills and acumen to appraise and operationalise digital marketing opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate these into decision-making roles with an organisation.

The programme will enable graduates to play an active role in a diverse range of digital marketing roles and to be in a position to take up further Level 9 postgraduate studiessuch as the Master of Science in Digital Marketing.

Course Content

Digital Marketing Management
Digital Content and Storytelling
Digital Marketing Communications
Digital Marketing Technologies and Tools
E-Business Emerging Technologies
Digital Marketing Analytics and Metrics
Digital Portfolio

Programme Objectives

Provide an academically rigorous framework through which students can develop an awareness of current problems and/or new insights in the digital marketing function to further develop and expand their knowledge of digital marketing.
Develop a systematic detailed knowledgeexperience and understanding of digital content curation for digital marketing in a modern organisation.
Develop learners' knowledge and ability to apply and use integrated digital marketing communicationsparticularly within campaignswith the intention of using this knowledge creatively in the delivery of digital marketing strategies.
Demonstrate knowledge of marketing technologies and tools and the role they play in marketing strategies.
Develop an in-depth appreciation of modern data-driven metrics for marketing activitiesand knowledge of using to drive an organisation's e-business programme.
Provide learners with the tools to explore web analytics and understand campaign metrics.
Apply advanced research skillsconstructively criticisedraw conclusions and offer recommendations within the marketing environment.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing programme comprises two 5 ECTS and five 10 ECTS modules60 ECTS in total.

Learning activities include:

Lecture classroom-based sessions
Workshops
Practical lab sessions
Online class (broadcast live)
Online tutorial (interactive)

The Full-time Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing will run over one academic year from Monday to Friday. Calendars for this programme will be available in due course. Please note daytime attendance is required on this programme.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to this programmeapplicants must hold a full Level 8 Honours Bachelor Degree in any discipline from a recognised third level institutionor a full Level 7 Ordinary Degree in a cognate discipline in areas such as Marketing or Business.

All applicants should have a minimum of ordinary-level Leaving Certificate mathsor be able to demonstrate equivalent competency in maths at this level.

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid

Recognition of Prior Learning

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a pass award level and who have at least 3 years' relevant work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Teaching and Assessment

This is a blended learning programmewith one fully online module. Whether online or face-to-facethe learning is supported with directed e-learning activities and objectswhere the lecturer will guide the work-based learning using real-world scenarios and case studies.

Due to the practical nature of this programme the summative assessment strategy is totally focused on a continuous assignment which gives the learner the opportunity to produce a project artefact such as: e-bookdigital storybook and digital poster.

At the final year students will benefit from knowledge in a key number of digital marketing areas and work towards the completion of a digital portfolio.

Career Opportunities

With a predicted 150,000 digital jobs and an internet economy worth €21.1 billion by 2020the digital economy has taken centre stage in Ireland's economic recovery with the industry creating hundreds of jobs every month.

Graduates of this programme will acquire the necessary skills and acumen to appraise and operationalise digital marketing opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate these into decision-making roles with an organisation. The programme will enable graduates to work in diverse range of digital marketing roles and/or be in a position to take up further Level 9 postgraduate studiessuch as the Master of Science in Digital Marketing.

Master of Business Administration (MBA) + Streams

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Business Administration (MBA)

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year Part-Time2 Years



Innovation and Disruptive Technologies

The Master of Business Administration (MBA) programme has the following content in stages 1 and 2.

STAGE 1

Core Modules

Global Issues for Management
Strategic Marketing Analysis
Managerial Financial Analysis
Research Methods 1
Applied Strategic Management
Dynamic Leadership Development
Research Methods 2

Elective Modules Choose 2

Marketing Innovations
Strategies for Human Resource Management
Strategic Information Systems
Project Management Frameworks
Corporate Financial Management
Cloud Technologies for Business
Integrated Marketing Communications
Reinventing Performance Management

'Making the decision to take time out of my career and return to college to complete the full-time MBA was one to which I applied a great deal of thoughtassessing the costs and benefits of taking a year out of work to enhance my academic qualifications. It was a difficult decision and one from which I have benefitted hugely. I chose to complete the MBA in Project Management in order to gain valuable knowledge and understanding that I will be able to apply at work in order to progress my career. Being able to apply my previous experience to the scenarios and discussions in the lecturesallowed me to learn and reflect on previous situations at work. From a personal point of viewthe lectures on research skills and personal development offered me a valuable opportunity to reflect on my skillsdevelopment and career path and I made some friends and a network of contacts with whom I will remain in touch both personally and professionally. Since completing the MBA I have returned to work in a contract Project Management rolewhere I have already been able to use the skills and experience gained in the MBA. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at DBS and would recommend the MBA course.'

Laura O'KeeffeMBA in Project Management

Project Management Practices
Global Financial Markets
Cloud Application Management

STAGE 2

MBA Award
Dissertation

Introduction

The MBA is a one year full-time or two year part-time programme that educates and prepares a diverse group of learners with the academic knowledgeanalytical ability and innovative management perspectives and skills needed to manage organisations in an increasingly competitive and diverse global marketplace. The programme enables learners to commence or strengthen their career in businessas well as underpin any further business studies and achieve excellence at an executive level in their chosen profession in both the public and private sectors.

Key Features

This unique programme allows you to study the pure MBAor choose a specialist route for your MBA award within the following programmes: HRM; Project Management; Finance; Information Systems; Cloud Computing or Marketing. This ensures students are afforded the widest choice of specialisms from which to choose. A practitioner focus is part of this programmeand industry-led workshops and guest lecturers keep information current and applied.

The MBA will include:

Personalacademic and professional development.
Lectures and assessment methods that apply the business knowledge required for students to perform as an effective manager in any organisation.
Throughextensive study of key issues in business theories students will be capable of evaluation and application of important global management issues which impact on organisational effectiveness and performance.
Knowledge and understanding of global businessespecially on issues such as globalisationstandardisation and customisation of products and services.
Skills and knowledge to inform you how an organisation is best managed in a changing world.

With these in mindthe programme is designed to provide you with relevant knowledgeso that you are familiar with the latest theoretical and practical developments relating to business management and development.

Aims and Objectives

The ability to confidently manage a business represents a valuable skill-set. In order for an organisation to be flexible in diverse business environments and to change direction at speedthey must be experts in business management and business strategy in a global context. The aim of the MBA at DBS is to develop these sets of abilities with a particular focus on a thorough understanding of business management. The MBA offers you a unique opportunity to study advanced theory and practice relating to managementand to develop an appreciation of the causes and significance of managing strategy.

Structure

Semester one: Total 30 ECTS

Four mandatory modules total 20 ECTS (5 ECTS per module):

Global Issues for Management
Strategic Marketing Analysis
Managerial Financial Analysis
Research Methods 1
Students choose one elective 10 ECTS

Semester two: Total 30 ECTS

Three mandatory modules total 20 ECTS:

Applied Strategic Management (10 ECTS)
Dynamic Leadership Development (5 ECTS)
Research Methods 2 (5 ECTS)
Students choose one elective 10 ECTS

Semester three: Total 30 ECTS

Dissertation

Electives emanate from the following sub-fields of business: MarketingHRMCloud ComputingInformation SystemsFinance or Project Management. Should a learner choose two electives from the same specialism they will be on a specific learning pathway.

Assessment

Continuous assessment is an integral part of many of our taught modules. The weight attached to coursework and other forms of continuous assessment vary from module to module to facilitate all learning styles. You will experience a variety of teaching and learning assessment methods including lecturesseminarstutorialscase studiesgroup and individual projectsexaminations and reports.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Business Administration are:

Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours bachelor degree with a minimum Second Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline from a recognised third-level institution (or equivalent); or
An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA.
Or GMAT examination is a mandatory requirement for all applicants who do not hold an Honours Bachelor Degree (Level 8) with a minimum of second class second division classification.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

The programme is aimed at learners who wish to specialise in business administration with a view to entering industry in a high-level managerial roleto progress professionally or to undertake further business studies. Learners will achieve the business expertise to lead an organisation to strategic decision making ensuring a maximum return on investment across each department. Learners will be capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic business realities in a creative manner to ensure sustainability and growth.



Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

designed to increase productivityprofitability and an organisation's value and market share.

Overarchinglythe programme aims and objectives create a critical understanding of core business functions as well as strategic business managementwhile also enhancing the innovative capability and practicaltransversal and practical skills of the learnersensuring the success of graduates in the business environment.

Career Opportunities

Upon completing the programmegraduates will have attained a critical awareness of business opportunities and challenges capable of devising appropriate strategies for ongoing professional development as well as a keen awareness of the requirements which ensure the sustainability and growth of the organisation. The programme is fundamentally rooted in creating an accomplished business postgraduate whose insights will inform strategic business decisionsfrom financial to people management,

Graduates will have the business skills necessary to move into senior management roles and pursue a leadership career path. Graduates will acquire skills and competencies in dynamic leadership development and business acumen as well as business expertise and learn how to effectively integrate strategic decision-making in their organisation. The programme invites learners to critically appraise the impact of internationalisation and diversity on economic activities and aims to unpack complex theories and practices ensuring a self-reflective practice where learners consider social norms and a socially responsible approach to business administration. The programme captures the unpredictability and diversity of the business world and simulates this diversityenabling learners to devise approaches both individually and as part of a team.

Master of Business Administration (MBA) (with Streams)

CORE MODULES + STREAM MODULES + DISSERTATION = MBA

Students who select the general option select any two modules from the twelve modules available in the specialist streams.

                               Global Issuesfor Management   Global Issuesfor Management         Strategic Marketing Analysis   Strategic Marketing Analysis       Managerial Financial Analysis   Managerial Financial Analysis   Research Methods1          Research Methods1            Applied Strategic Management   Dynamic Leadership Development   Research Methods2   Research Methods2                 
------------------------------------
CoreModules                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                               Marketing Innovations         Integrated Marketing Communications StrategiesforHuman Resources   Reinventing Performance Management Strategic Information Systems   Innovation                      andDisruptive Technologies ProjectManagement Frameworks Corporate Financial Management Global Financial Markets         for Business        CloudApplication Management       
MBA(Marketing)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
MBA(Human Resource Management)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
MBA(Information Systems)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
MBA(Project Management)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
MBA(Finance)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
MBA(Cloud Computing)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Dissertation

Core/Mandatory modules for all learners on parent and all streams of Master of Business Administration (MBA) Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Marketing)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (HRM)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Information Systems)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Project Management)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Finance)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Cloud Computing)

Master of Science (MSc) in Business Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Business Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Business Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

Requirements Analysis
Programming for Analytics
Applied Statistics and Machine Learning
Business Strategy

STAGE 2

Project Management for Business Analytics
Financial and Business Analytics
Data Mining
Business Intelligence and Visualisation
Applied Research Methods

STAGE 3

Applied Project

Overview

Given the ever-increasing volume of data that businesses have access to todaythere is a demand for employees who have computationalanalytical and business strategy skills who can inform business decisions to increase efficiency and an organisation's value. This Master of Science in Business Analytics has been developed with the aim of providing learners with the knowledgeskills and research capability to critically analyseimplement and evaluate big data concepts and techniques in order to generate valuable insightsthereby assisting with strategic business decisionsincreasing productivityprofitability and an organisation's value and market share.

Aims and Objectives

This new programme aims to provide learners with the theoretical knowledge and practical skills to critically analyseevaluate and implement big data concepts and techniques in order to generate valuable business insights. These insights will inform strategic business decisions designed to increase productivityprofitability and an organisation's value and market share.

It has been designed with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of business strategyanalytics and technology topics whilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on theoretical and contextual knowledge in core areas such as statisticsdecision theorybusiness strategy and finance while also offering applied practical skills in contemporary topics such as data analyticsvisualisationmodellingsimulation and forecastingproject managementbig data and business application development. Learners who complete the full Master of Science programme (including the 25 ECTS capstone Applied Research Project) will also develop and enhance their research capability through critical enquiry and detailed analytical problem solving.

Overallthe programme aims to create in learners a critical understanding of core business analytics and strategic business managementwhile also enhancing the research capability and practical technical skills of the learners.

The specific programme objectives are to:

Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and critical awareness of the current and developing business analytics field.
Provide learners with a deep and systematic understanding of research and analysis relating to business analytics.



Provide learners with specialised technical knowledge of the management of data and the mining of data to provide insights into business propositions/solutions/ strategy.

Structure

Assessment

Equip learners with advanced skills directly complementary and relevant to the business analytics workplace.
Enable learners to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem-solving and research skills in business analytics.
Enable learners to develop and enhance autonomous learning skills.
Position learners with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and professional learning in the business management and data analysis field.

Learners will complete the taught component of the Master in Science in Business Analytics which includes nine modules forming the core of the subject knowledge and practical skills provision with the tenth module synthesising and applying this knowledge in the capstone Research Project module. This programme and the progression of the modulesfacilitates the learner in end-to-end learningdemonstrating critical thinkingrelevant depth of knowledgeresearch capability and applying practical creativeproblem solving skills. In the capstone applied research modulethe learner then synthesises their learning in an area of focussed interestcritically analysing relevant literatureusing suitable applied research methods and research design in the production of an artefact and written report appropriate to a Level 9 Science standard.

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedbackwhich underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group project bases continuous assessmentand where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplaceand the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.



Entry Requirements

Career opportunities

The minimum requirement for admission to this programme is a minimum second class Level 8 Honours bachelor degree in a cognate area (e.g. computer scienceITsciencemathematicsstatisticsfinanceeconomicsbusiness (including quantitative methods)maths and management information systemsOR a non-cognate Level 8 Honours bachelors award with three to five years' experience in analytics.

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicantsresidents outside Ireland/EUmust apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS. Further details regarding Non-EU learners can be found in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH).

In additionfor applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

On the basis of stakeholder feedbackthe programme has been developed in order to provide learners with the skills and attributes employers in industry have identified as most desirable in the area of business analytics. The focus has been refined to develop modules that focus on the skills gap identified by prospective employers.

Graduates can expect to take up roles as Business/Marketing/HR AnalystsProject Managers.

Master of Science (MSc) in Data Analytics

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Data Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year Part-Time2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Data Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

Programming for Data AnalysisProcessing and Visualisation
Statistics for Data Analytics
Data Storage Solutions for Data Analytics
Data Mining
Machine Learning
Applied Research Process for Data Analytics
Data Visualisation

STAGE 2

Dissertation

Overview

With increased availability of information about customer preferences and actionsproduction processes and supply chainsthere is growing recognition of the economic returns from the use of big data and analytics.

This programme accommodates a wide audience of learners whose specific interests in data analytics may be either technically focused or business focused.

Either full-time or part-timethe programme is designed to facilitate learners with a statistics/computing/ technology background who wish to upskill in this new and emerging area of Data Analytics. It will also be of interest to learners who have completed their undergraduate degree and wish to specialise in this area. It may be their preference to take the theory and practical modules only and not complete the dissertation.

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of data analytics topics. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Data Analytics necessary for them to secure employment and perform at postgraduate level in the areas of ICT/Data Analytics in a broad range of commercialindustrial and public sector environments. Graduates will have an in-depth knowledge of the practical and theoretical aspects of data analytics. The programme enables and supports learners in developing critical analytical skills and in applying theoretical concepts to the practice of data analytics.

The programme incorporates Personal and Professional Development (PPD) within modules to enhance the student's employabilitywhich will enable them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by addressing skills such as leadershipself-management and teamwork that are essential in the area of Data Analytics. It also comprises a Research Methods module integrated into the applied data analytics modulesfocusing on literature reviewresearch techniqueand their application to real life situationsdata sets and how applied research and entrepreneurship are linked. These modules will inform the learner's Dissertationwhich requires the production of an artefact.

To enable learners to develop expert knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing areas of analysis statisticsand machine learning.
To provide learners with a deep and systematic knowledge of business and technical strategies for data analytics and the subsequent skills to implement solutions in these areas.
To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace.

To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner.
To develop in the learner a deep and systematic understanding of current issues of research and analysis
To enable the learner to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills.
to provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a taught componentcontributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertationcontributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides students with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of six modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops

The course has six key components:

1. Class room lectures
2.  Case-based learning
3.  Practical Skills Sessions
4.  Workshops
5.  Tutorials
6.  Individual and group work

Assessment

The MSc in Data Analytics is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writingin-class presentationgraded group dissertation and examinationmodule depending.

Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Data Analytics are:

A minimum Second Class Level 8 Honours Degree (2.2) in a cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution or equivalent.

In additionfor applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicantsresidents outside Ireland/EUmust apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

Career Opportunities

There is a global shortage of the skilled professionals required to fill direct high-end jobs in this area and the reportAssessing the Demand for Big Data and Analytics Skillsidentifies measures to build up the Big Data and analytics talent pool in Ireland in line with enterprise demand.

Role types that may be suitable for graduates include:

Data Analysts/Engineers
Data Analytics Manager
Software Engineers
Hadoop Developers

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics

Award Type

Developed in conjunction with industry expertsthis highly practical programme provides a broad based digital marketing award with a strong focus on cutting edge skills and practice in areas such as Search Engine OptimisationDisplay AdvertisingSearch AdvertisingEmail MarketingAffiliateWeb Design with WordPressDigital VideoAnalytics and much more. Given how fast the digital marketing arena moves in terms of technologies and practice all modules are written with flexibility in mind. Students are facilitated in exploring new ideas and technologies where applicable. In this waythe program remains up-to-date with industry trends and best practice.

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

This programme accommodates a wide audience of learners whose specific interests in Digital Marketing may be either technically focused or strategy focused.

Aims and Objectives

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-toend covering a wide range of Digital Marketing topics. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Digital Marketing necessary for them to secure employment and perform at postgraduate level in the areas of ICT/ Digital Marketing in a broad range of commercialindustrial and public sector environments. Graduates will have an in-depth knowledge of the practical and theoretical aspects of Digital Marketing. The programme enables and supports learners in developing critical analytical skills and developing skills in applying theoretical concepts to the practice of Digital Marketing.

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

Core Modules

E-Business
Strategic Digital Marketing
Digital Design and Development
Digital Advertising and Online Marketing Communications
Inbound Marketing
Data and Digital Marketing Analytics
Research Methods

STAGE 2

Dissertationor
Applied Project

Overview

The massive growth of social media and smartphones in recent yearsmeans that marketers need a strong skillset and knowledge base that is digital. Now marketers want the visibility and traceability that digital marketing affords. As an MSc the programme has a more scientific rigour to its offeringsemphasising accountability and strategic context.



The programme incorporates Personal and Professional Development (PPD) within modules to enhance the student's employabilitywhich will enable them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by addressing skills such as leadershipself-management and teamwork that are essential in the area of Digital Marketing. It also comprises a Research Methods integrated into the applied Digital Marketing modulesfocusing on literature reviewresearch techniqueand their application to real life situations and data setshow applied research and entrepreneurship are linked. These modules will inform the learner's Dissertationwhich requires the production of an artefact.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

To imbue a critical analysis of the current and emerging theories of digital marketinginformed by up-to-date research and activity in the digital marketing field.
To develop the practical skills in problem identification and solvingcarrying out digital marketing activities of a marketing department.
To provide a strategic perspective (incorporating multiple-viewpoints) and context for digital marketing in a modern organisation
To develop an in-depth appreciation of modern data-driven metrics to marketing activities and how these can be generated and used.
To develop in students the competencies to be a successful marketer in a digital marketing environment.
To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace
To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner
To provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.

Structure

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of seven modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

The course has six key components:

Class room lectures
Case Based learning
Practical Skills Sessions
Workshops
Tutorials
Individual and Group work



Assessment

An equivalent professional qualification such as MMII.

Career Opportunities

The MSc in Digital Marketing is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers.

Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writingin-class presentationgraded group dissertation and examination.

Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Digital Marketing are:

A minimum Second Class Level 8 Honours Degree (2.2) in a cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution or,
In additionfor applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:
The minimum requirement for a non-native English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. NonEU applicantsresidents outside Ireland/EUmust apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS. Further details regarding NonEU learners can be found in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH).

Graduates of the MSc in Digital Marketing will acquire specialised skills and competencies that will enable them to pursue positions in many fieldsincluding digital marketing managementmarket researchbrand managementadvertising and public relations and digital marketing consultancy.

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Technology (FinTech)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Financial Technology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Technology has the following content:

STAGE 1

FinTech: Markets and Services
Quantitative Financial Modelling
Information and Cybersecurity Management
Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technologies
Research Methods I

STAGE 2

FinTech Regulation
Data Analytics and Machine Learning
Applied Financial Analysis
Innovation and Entrepreneurship in FinTech
Research Methods II

STAGE 3

Applied Project

Overview

Technological innovation applied to financial services has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global financial system over the next decade.

This has created demand from graduates and employees for programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing financial services industry.

This is an interdisciplinary program that focuses on financedata analytics and computing. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to Fintech the technology enabled business model innovation in the financial sector.

This is a new programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of financial technology topicswhilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as financial analyticsadvanced databasesdisruptive technologiesweb technologies and security while also offering applied skills in contemporary topics such as data analyticsand financial applications. Its aim is to create a critical understanding of core financial technologies and financial systems while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

FinTech can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Through the work of the Programme Team and in conjunction with the industry expertsFinancial Technology has been defined as a combination of financial systemsdata management and technology including areas such as Risk ManagementCyber SecurityFintech RegulationData AnalyticsData VisualisationFinancial ModelsApplied Financial AnalysisMachine LearningBlockchain and Distributed Ledger Technologiesand Innovation in Financial Markets and Services. The programme aims and learning outcomes have been designed to reflect these specific areas.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

To enable learners to develop indepth knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing financial technologies
To provide learners with a deep and systematic knowledge of the management of Financial Technology in organisational and regulatory contexts
To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace



To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner

Assessment

To develop in the learner a deep and systematic understanding of current issues of research and analysis
To enable the learner to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills
To provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.

The evaluation of experiential learning will be determined on a case by case basis. In such instances an interview of the candidate may be required. Applicants will be required to complete the application form and provide written evidence as to their application for entry on to the programme with prior experiental learning. The DBS Quality Assurance Handbook details the exact procedure for evaluating such applications

Structure

The learners will complete the taught component of their MSc in FinTech which includes didactic modules which forms the core of the subject knowledge and practical skills provision. It also includes the relevant depth of knowledge in the area of research methodologies in context to allow for the success completion of Applied Research Project.

The Applied Research Project module sees the learner demonstrating at the appropriate level their critical thinking in application of knowledge and skills acquired in the programme in the production of an artefact and the appropriate report to accompany itwhich will outline the literature to support the need and validity of the artefactthe methodology and appropriate discussion as to its impact.

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedbackwhich underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/ or group project bases continuous assessmentand where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplaceand the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in FinTech are:

A Level 8 Honours degree with a 2.2 or above in a cognate (sciencetechnologycomputingbusinessfinance or related) disciplineOR a Level 8 Honours degree with a 2.2 or above in a non-cognate discipline with at least 2-3 years' professional industry experience.

In additionfor applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicantsresidents outside Ireland/EUmust apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

Career Opportunities

FinTech has quickly become one of the biggest sectors in tech. From an employer perspectivethere are a number of companies looking for graduates with these skills in the short and medium term.

Master of Science (MSc) in Human Resource Management

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

Masters Degree

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Human Resource Management

Award Type

Major

The mission of this programme is to expose learners to human resource trendsand position them with the knowledge and soft skills to navigate and plan their careers including commercial driveinclusive leadershipand ethical values. The Master of Science in Human Resource Management provides the conceptual and practical insights into the various areas of human resource management for learners who wish to gain the foundational knowledge and skills or reskill in this area. Additionallythe programme will be of interest to graduates from a non-business background who are interested in moving into a human resource management role in their current industry.

Duration

Full-Time: 1 year

Part-Time: 2 years



The Master of Science in Human Resource Management has the following content:

SEMESTER 1

EqualityDiversity and Inclusion
Human Capital Management and Organisational Behaviour
Employment Law
HR Analytics

SEMESTER 2

Reinventing Performance Management
Dynamic Leadership Development
Applied Strategic Management
Contemporary Issues in Human Resource Management
Research Methods

Semester 3

Dissertation/Applied Project

There are no electives proposed in this programme.

Overview

The Master of Science in Human Resource Management is designed to prepare learners for a career in Human Resource Management in private and public sector. Given the increasing role of technological advancements in society and workplacehuman resource management is emerging as a multidisciplinary field with a breadth and depth of content that encompasses various areas of expertise such as: employment lawdiversity and inclusionpeople analytics and organisational behaviour that play a central role in shaping the strategy and leading digital transformation within organisations.

Programme Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

Enable learners to develop mastery of current and emerging skills related to the theory and practice of human resource and talent management.
Provide learners with an awareness of emerging topics and trends in human resource management.
Enable learners to critically appraise equalitydiversity and inclusion practices in the workplace.
Enhance in learners an attitude of inclusive and analytical leadership.
Enable learners to solve human resource management problems that would create strategic competitive advantage and add value to a twentyfirst century organisation.
Facilitate the development of applied skills that reflect contemporary issues in human resource management.

Respond ethically and informatively to address any new situations that may arise due to the digital transformation of industry with the use of analytics.
Develop in learners an advanced understanding of employment law and conflict resolution practice.
Provide learners with a systematic knowledge of human capital management and organisational behaviour in a variety of organisational contexts.
Develop research skills and apply theoretical knowledge to work based problems.

Structure

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme and encompasses modules that focus on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant concepts of Human Capital and Organisational Behavioura proficiency in the legal aspects of HR as well as EqualityDiversity and Inclusion while also offering HR analytical knowledge.

Semester two builds on this by covering content in which the knowledgeunderstanding and skills acquired in the first semester are developed and applied. Semester two modules offer applied skills which focus on the humancentred capabilities and behaviours that are necessary to achieve positive business outcomes in HR profession.

Semester two also comprises a Research Methods modulewhich focuses on research and development skill which will inform the learners' Dissertation/Applied Research Project in Semester three.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in an innovative and flexible mannerthrough a blend of face-to-face and online learning environments including workshopsdiscussion forumslive tutorials and guest speakers from academia and industry through seminar series in order to demonstrate the full breadth of the people profession. By incorporating a focus on authentic assessment throughout modules to strengthen practical skills the professional development of learners to enhance their employability which will enable the learner to integrate seamlessly into an organisation. Assessment strategies include case studiesindividual and group reportsdata analysisreflective journalspresentations and exams.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Human Resource Management is aimed at learners with the following entry qualifications:

A minimum second-class seconddivision (2.2) honours bachelor's degree or Higher Diploma in a cognate area. Cognate subjects include HRmarketingmanagement or another related business discipline.
A minimum second-class seconddivision (2.2) honours undergraduate bachelor degree or Higher Diploma in a non-cognate area plus 3-5 years' professional experience in a related field.
Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.
Applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught in Englishmust provide evidence of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge Certificate or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Career Opportunities

On completion of the Masters programmelearners will have the competencies to make them suited to a broad range of career and professional development options and progress on the path towards becoming a successful HR manager in a wide variety of contexts (private and public). Graduates have the potential to work across numerous industriesfor example: educationtechnologylocal authoritiesbankingfinanceengineering and media etc.

Potential careers for graduates include:

HR Business Partner
HR Consultant
Strategic People Partner
Diversity & Inclusion Manager
Talent Acquisition consultant
Human Resource Manager/Executive
Client Services

Master of Science (MSc) in Information and Library Management (LAI accredited)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Information and Library Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Core Modules

The Teaching Librarian
Records Management and Information Law
Information Technologies
Information Organisation
Research Methods
Management for Information and Library Professionals
Information Architecture
Open Librarianship
Professional Development and Organisational Awareness
Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

The programme is designed for graduates of all disciplines wishing to pursue a career in Information and Library Management on a professional level. The programme also enables existing library personnel to obtain a professional library qualification for promotional purposes.

This programme aims to provide learners with the theoretical knowledge and practical skills to work in positions within the information and library management sector at a professional level. It covers a wide range of information and library topicswhilst providing the ability to respond to the changing information and library needs of clients. The programme focuses on theoretical and contextual knowledge in core areas such as information retrievalorganisation and disseminationwhile also offering applied practical skills in contemporary topics such as open librarianshipinformation technologiesinformation law and information architecture.



Recognised by the Library Association of Ireland.

Provide learners with a rigorous academic foundation inand a systematic understanding of the principlestheory and application of information and library management incorporating a contemporary skill set central to the profession.
Enable the learner to acquire strong analytical skills to identify and critically evaluate technologicalpoliticalsocialregulatory and economic changes affecting the information and library environment.
Build learners' capacity for informed decision-making based on the synthesis of both theoretical knowledge and practical experience.
Enable learners to attain the ability to solve practical and complex problems within a variety of information and library environments.
Support learners in acquiring transferable skills such as leadershipadvocacycommunication and IT skills.
Facilitate learners to develop research skills and apply theoretical knowledge to work based problems.
Provide a basis for practice and continual personal development and learning throughout learners' careers.

Overallthe programme aims to create in learners a critical understanding of core information and library principleswhile also enhancing their research capability and practical information management skills.

Structure

Learners complete the taught component of the MSc. in Information and Library management by working through ten core modules gaining subject knowledge and practical skills that are synthesised and applied in the capstone Research Dissertation module. This programmeand the progression of the modulesfacilitates the learner in firstly gaining a solid theoretical and practical foundation in essential information retrieval and management in

the ten credit Information Organisation and the five credit Records Management and Information Law.

These foundational modules are complemented in the first semester with the forward-looking and issue-raising Teaching Librarian and Information Technologies modules. In the second semesterlearners get the opportunity to apply the foundational theory and practice in such modules as Open Librarianship and Information Architecture. The Management for Information and Library Professionals and the Personal Development and Organisational Analysis modules also offer the learner an applicable window for the theory and skills addressed in earlier modules. The Research Methods module in Semester 2prepares learners for the capstone research dissertation in Semester 3.

In the capstone Dissertation/Applied Research Project modulethe learner then synthesises their learning in an area of focused interestcritically analysing relevant literatureusing suitable research methods and research design in the production of a written thesis or report and artifact appropriate to a Level 9 standard.

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of 10 modules delivered over one academic yearcomprising two semesters. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage. Classes are held on MondayTuesday and Wednesday.

Part-Time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over 4 taught semesters. During each semesterstudents will normally attend lectures on two evenings per week.

Assessment

Assessment on the programme comprises individual and group assessment as well as examinations.

Assessments are designed to give students knowledge and competencies that can be transferred to real world employment settings. DBS Library also facilitates students wishing to carry out a project in a working library environment.

Continuing Professional Development (CPD)

As part of Dublin Business School's commitment to lifelong learning and continuing professional development (CPD)a selection of modules from the MSc in Information and Library Management are available to professionally qualified librarians (Graduate/Higher Diploma or Masters) for CPD purposes. The benefits of CPD training are numerous for both the individual and the organisation and include:

Participation in lifelong learning and opportunity to improve professional competence.
The opportunity to upskill in new aspects of librarianship such as open sourcecloud computinginformation architectureXMLmetadataDublin Corenew management practicesetc.
Supporting Associate Membership of the LAI; performance appraisals; applications for promotion internally or for new posts.
Helping organisations to develop their employees so that they fulfill the requirements of changing roles.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Master of Science in Information and Library Management are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above

on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Graduates of the programme can progress to roles as library managerssystems librariansreader services managerscollection development managersinstitutional repository managers and teaching librarians in a variety of library settings: medicallegalpublicetc.

Graduates are also qualified for information management roles in the corporate sector such as records management and in the creationmanagement and promotion of digital content. Graduates of the MSc in Information and Library Management at DBS have gone onto secure positions in a range of libraries and information services including Trinity College DublinAn Bord PleanálaDublin Dental Hospital and National College of Ireland.

In a recent survey conducted by DBS Careers Departmentwider IT and business companies said that they would be interested in recruiting graduates of this programme due to the IT and management content of the programme.

Master of Science (MSc) in Information Systems with Computing

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Information Systems with Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Core Modules

Software Engineering
Advanced Databases

The development of analytical and problem solving abilities as well as essential managerial skills such as team workingleadership and effective communication skills.

Networks and Systems Administration
Programming for Information Systems
Web and Mobile Technologies
Applied Research Methods
Enterprise Information Systems
Data Analytics and Visualisation
Computer Systems Security
Web Development for Information Systems
Applied Research Project

Overview

The MSc in Information Systems with Computing is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of information systems and computing topics. The programme is designed to create a deep level of knowledge and understanding in core areas such as programmingdatabasesweb technologies and security while also offering practical skills in contemporary topics such as data analyticsdistributed systems and mobile and social computing. In additionthe programme allows students to explore the issues around the management of information technology in business and industrial contexts. The programme was designed with significant input from industry and reflects the driving ethos of DBS to provide learners with career-focused programmes to enhance graduate's employability.

Key Features

Key Features of the Programme

The programme is applied in naturedelivering a graduate with practical skills and expertise to augment theoretical knowledge and understanding.

Graduates from this programme will possess the following attributes:

Analyse and solve practical business problems through the use of technology.
Software designdevelopment and engineering.
Systems support/Administration.
Data storage design and development.
Software Engineering and IT project management.
Web application development.
Information systems design and development.
Network design and maintenance.
Computer systems security.
Data Analytics.
Business Analytics.

They will also possess the following competencies:

Excellent at building relationships and able to work with people at all levels.
Able to work well as part of a team as well as individually in a demanding environment whilst meeting tight deadlines.
Able to manageorganise and lead the teams.
Highly analytical and able to derive meaning from data.
An understanding of ethical and legislative issues of professional and research practice such as ethical committeesetc.
Able to apply their disciplinary knowledge to real world problems and challenges.
Excellent communicators and creative thinkers with the ability to use IS/IT skills to inform decisions



Structure

Assessment Methods

Entry Requirements

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught componentcontributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised projectcontributing 30 credits. The project component provides students with the opportunity to independently research relevant literatureto implement skills gained in the taught syllabus and also to critically analyse deliverables.

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of nine modules. Successful completion of the taught component (Stage 1) allows you to move on to the Award (Stage 2).

Part-Time

For part-time studentsStage 1 delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents will normally attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops. Successful completion of the taught component (Stage 1) allows you to move on to the Award (Stage 2).

The programme is assessed through a mix of continuous assessmentskills based assessment and exams. Skills based assessment allows learners to demonstrate knowledge learned through scenario based situations and continuous assessment involves a varied mix between individual and group work

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group project bases continuous assessmentand where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplaceand the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

The minimum entry requirements for Master of Science in Information Systems with Computing are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third level institution in an IT/ IS or Business discipline where a significate component of the degree is related to IT/ISor
A Level 8 Higher Diploma in Science in Computing.
A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third level institution in a non-cognate area but holds 4 years professional experience in a related field and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionallyor



Prior knowledge and the study of the areas of databasesprogramming and networking is also required.

Career Opportunities

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.
Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures

The MSc in Information Systems with Computing will provide you with the skills and knowledge to further develop your personal interests and career prospects in areas with skills gaps as identified by the government and industry. Typical career paths include software engineeringweb application developmentsoftware analysis and design rolessystems support engineerdatabase developertechnical consultancy and project management roles. Graduates from MSc in Information Systems with Computing programme have the potential to work in areas such as System AnalysisSoftware EngineeringEnterprise Information SystemWeb Technologiesand Data Analytics in a wide variety of industries.

Master of Science (MSc) in International Accounting and Finance

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as the role of capital marketsquantitative financial modellingtreasury risk managementinternational financial reportingand advanced financial management. Its aim is to create a critical understanding of core accountingfinancialand quantitative principles whilst also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

Title of Award

Master of Science in International Accounting and Finance

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Core modules

Principles of Financial Markets
Quantitative Financial Modelling
International Financial Reporting
Corporate Governance and Ethics
Advanced Financial Management
Treasury and Risk Management
Advanced International Financial Reporting
Strategic Performance Management
Research Methods
Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

Technological innovation has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global economic and financial system over the next decade. Digitisation and everincreasing volumes of data has led to a demand for graduates (employees) from programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing and increasingly competitive and globalised business landscape. In order to meet this demandthis industry-alignedstrategically-focused and highly-applied programme focuses on accountingquantification of datatreasury functions and corporate finance. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to data-driven financial decision-making roles.

The MSc in International Accounting and Finance is a one year full-time or two years part-time programme. This broad programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a range of skills applicable to a wide range of accounting and finance functions. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice necessary for them to secure employment and perform in a variety of areas in a broad range of companies.

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme aims and objectives are as follows:

Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and analytical skills in current and evolving disciplines of international finance and accounting.
Provide learners with a systematic knowledge of the organisational and regulatory context of international accounting and finance.
Facilitate the learners' development and application of skills and attributes that are complementary and relevant to the contemporary workplace.
Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner.
Develop in the learner a contextual understanding of evolving financial and economic trends and technologies.
Enable the learner to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills.
Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.

Overallthe programme aims to create in learnersa critical understanding of international accountancy and finance issuesdeveloping learners' understanding of the demands of the changing environment through up-todate and in-depth knowledge of the core and subfields of international accountancy and finance whilst also providing valuable and necessary practical skills in this field.

Structure

The programme contains a wide range of formative and summative assessments including individual and group workprojectspresentationscase studies and examinations.

Learners will synthesise their postgraduate studies with experiential learning gaining critical analysis and self-reflection skills to embrace lifelong learning to progress professionally or undertake further studies and/or research. Through the dissertation or applied research projectlearners can develop independent research and problem-solving skills reflective of their expansion of financial management competencies and contribute to their chosen field of enquiry which will be valuable in a variety of contexts in the workplace.

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of 10 modules: Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

Assessment

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedbackwhich underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group project bases continuous assessmentand where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplaceand the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science in International Accounting and Finance are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in a cognate area who wish to specialise in the field of accountancy and finance. Cognate subjects include general businessaccountancy and finance related degreeor
A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in a noncognate area but holds 3-5 years professional experience in a related field and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionallyor
An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS

English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Employers have given the following job titles by way of example:

Accountant
Financial Analyst
Portfolio Manager
Business Analyst
Business Intelligence
Consultants
Private Equity Analyst (VC)
Fintech Entrepreneur and/or Innovator

From an employer's perspectiveirrespective of the so-called 'hard skills,' negotiationconflict resolutionteamwork and communication are essential to work within the industry. In discussions with industry: agilitymotivation and teamwork have been highlighted repeatedly as key skills. These are important in all industriesbut are seen as particularly important in a relatively youngfast changing environment such as an agile business environment.

Master of Science (MSc) in Management Practice

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

The aim of the programme is to provide students with a rigorous academic foundation and a systematic understanding of core business disciplineswith a focus on management practice and a contemporary skill set central to applied management.

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Management Practice

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Core Modules

Marketing Analysis
Strategic Management and Leadership
Financial Analysis
Innovation and Change Management
Information Systems and Project Management
Human Capital Management and Development
Research Methods I
Research Methods II
Dissertation

Electives

Choose 1

Work Based Learning
Management Simulation and Personal and Professional Development

Overview

The MSc in Management Practice is a new specialised and innovative programme which has been created to meet the needs of graduates who seek to develop and expand their knowledge of the exciting field of Management at an advanced level. The broad objective of the MSc in Management Practice programme is to produce managers. The applied nature of the programme delivery ensures graduates are equipped to play a vital role in the management of any organisation. They will be equipped to interpret and synthesise information to confidently resolve complex issues which face today's organisations. Graduates will gain a deep level of knowledge and understanding of current issues within Management and then will apply this knowledge to real work situations to gain experience of practical applications.

Aims and Objectives

The MSc in Management Practice is taught by a combination of experienced academic staff and senior industry practitionersgiving students a unique blend of learning to equip them to take up Management roles in any organisation or to manage their own businesses.
There is a distinctive applied nature across the entire programme most modules will use case study analysis of current issues within business to ensure participants learn cutting edge material.
The Programme includes a Guest Lecturer Series where Managers from several business sectors will inform participants of the latest trends and issues in Management within their sector.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught componentcontributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertationcontributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides you with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

Stage 1 contains eight core modules and one electivethe Masters stage (Stage 2) comprises the dissertation.



Part-Time

Career Opportunities

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four semesters with two modules in each semester. During each semesterstudents are normally required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

Assessment

The programme is assessed through continuous assessment with a mix between individual and group work. At present only one module is assessed via a mix of continuous assessment and examination. All remaining modules are assessed via continuous assessment.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Masters of Science in Management Practice are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline who wish to specialise in the field of managementor
An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA will also be consideredor
An equivalent professional qualification attributed to the business sector.
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Management Practice professionals are equipped with the knowledge and skills to ensure that followers are facilitated and motivated to engage fully in order to create competitive advantage. They can critically appraise strategies within financial planning and executionproject managementethicsmarketingand people management to create innovative responses to management challenge. If graduates of the programme have work experience they will generally return to the area as Junior Managers or Trainee Managers. Where graduates do not have any prior work experience they will be eligible for mid-level roles with a view to Junior Management roles within 2-3 years.

Master of Science (MSc) in Marketing

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Marketing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Suited to

The MSc in Marketing is a programme which has been purposely created to meet the needs of recently qualified business or marketing graduates. It seeks to further enhance students existing knowledge of marketing theories and practiceand who aspire to pursuing challenging senior career opportunities in the marketing profession. In today's maturing and competitive marketing landscapethis MSc in Marketing will equip students with the knowledge and skills necessary at senior level marketing positions.

The MSc in Marketing has the following content:

Core Modules

Contemporary Consumer Behaviour
Sustainable Marketing Practices
Web Marketing Management and Metrics
Services Marketing Management
Research Methods
Integrated Marketing Communications
Design ThinkingInnovation and Commercialisation
Applied Strategic Branding
International Marketing
Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

Key features include:

It is delivered in small class groups which support individual learning needs
It offers a highly supportive environment in which to learn
It takes global perspective
Module content is strategic in nature and directly relates to the business world
Delivery balances contemporary theory and practice
A rigorous scientific research approach is applied throughout the programme
Authentic assessment strategies are employed

Aims of the Programme

The aim of the MSc in Marketing is to enhance the prospects of its graduates in the job markets and enable them to obtain entry into a variety of roles ranging from junior executive to senior marketing positions in a range of organisations both nationally and internationally. The programme is at Level 9 on the National Framework of Qualifications and with the combination of taught and research stageit provides added value for both learners and employers. The programme is academically challenging and strategically relevant in advanced marketing and will equip students with current and emerging theories that inform and comment upon the new practices of marketing within the digital media arena.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught componentcontributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertationcontributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides you with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

For full-time studentsthe taught component consists of 8 modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time studentsdelivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semesterstudents are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.



Assessment

Career Opportunities

Subjects will be assessed through continuous assessment. Students are involved in group projectsoral presentationsposter presentations and real life company case analysis. Students will also be exposed to guest lecturers from leading Irish and multinational companies and will participate in practical workshops with academics and practitioners.

Entry Requirements

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science in Marketing are:

A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline who wish to specialise in the field of marketingor
An equivalent professional qualification attributed to the marketing sector.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Graduates of the MSc in Marketing will acquire specialised skills and competencies that will enable them to pursue positions in many fieldsincluding Marketing ManagementMarket ResearchBrand ManagementAdvertising and Public Relations and Marketing Consultancy.

Master of Science (MSc) in Supply Chain Management*

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

supply chain management in addition to an industry specialism of interest drawing from modules in the fields of MarketingHuman Resource ManagementInformation SystemsProject ManagementFinanceor Cloud Computing. Moreoverthey will develop advanced critical thinkingwriting and research skills through the completion of the Research Methods modules along with the completion of a Capstone Module (choice of DissertationApplied Research Projector Placement).

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Supply Chain Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time1 Year

Part-Time2 Years

Global Supply Chain and Logistics Management
Procurement and Inventory in Supply Chain Management
Research Methods 1
Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain Management
Strategic Information Systems
Research methods 2
Operations and Analytics in Supply Chain Management
Innovation and Disruptive Technologies
Dissertation
Applied Research Project
Placement

Overview

The Master of Science in Supply Chain Management programme (90 ECTSLevel 9) has been designed with the specific intention of responding to an increasingly globalspecialiseddigital and technology-enabled business environment one that requires an efficient and effective end to end deliverables.

This programme aims to accommodate a wide audience of learners from a broad spectrum of industries whose specific learning requirements lie in the area of supply chain management (either businessor technically focused). The DBS Master of Science in Supply Chain Management programme aims to produce individuals with the specialised skills and attributes necessary to meet the demands of the modern-day supply chain management environment. Learners will understand the core principles of supply chain managementas well as procurement and inventory management at leadership level; they will be equipped with operations management and analytics expertise; possess an integrated understanding of global logistics; critically evaluate sustainable supply chains and inform business decision making in an ethical context. They will acquire the knowledgetheory and skills of

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme objectives are as follows:

1. Imbue a critical analysis of the current and emerging theories of supply chain managementinformed by up-to-date research and activity in the supply chain management field.
2.  Accrue a criticalstrategicand global perspective (incorporating multiple viewpoints) for the supply chain management field.
3.  Develop practical skills in procurement and inventory management in supply chain logistics and operations including problem-identification and solving.
4.  Develop an in-depth appreciation of supply chain analytics in the form of modern data-driven metrics to business operations and how these can be generated and used.
5.  Develop in learners the competencies to be a successful leader in the supply chain environment.
6.  Create critical awareness of sustainability and ethical processes that are directly complementary and relevant to the contemporary workplace and future of work.
7. 7 .  Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the graduates of tomorrow who can work both independently and collaboratively.
8.  Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovationand further study.

Structure

Stage one of full time provides the learner with both extensive knowledge and critical understanding of the supply chain management infrastructure and landscape. The skills developed help lay the foundations and context for the advanced skills developed later in the programme. Core level skills and practical application of supply chain theoriestools and technologies are instilled through the Stage 1 moduleswhich include Global Supply Chain and Logistics ManagementProcurement & Inventory in Supply Chain Managementa chosen elective from the MBAand Research Methods 1.

Stage two of full time builds on this by covering advanced modules allowing the learner to progress on the strategic supply chain learning curvethrough Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain ManagementOperations and Analytics in Supply Chain Managementa further elective from the MBA streamand Research Methods 2.

The students will then complete an elective capstone (30 ECTS) of either an Applied Research ProjectDissertation or Placement. Depending on the elective option chosenthis will include a robust piece of industry research underpinned by academic theoryprimary and secondary data collection and applied in a coherent and industry-focused research report and artefact or traditional dissertation. The Applied Research ProjectDissertation or Placement will bring together and synthesise learning from other modulescombining research and technical skills to investigatedesignproduce and critically evaluate an area of research interest.

This programme is offered as a part-time delivery with a recommended learning path that allows completion within a minimum two-year period. It is similar to the full-time programmeand is divided into four stages rather than three. In stage one of the part-time deliverystudents will follow similar aims to the full-time programme. They will complete the modules Global Supply Chain and Logistics ManagementProcurement and Inventory in Supply Chain Management and Research methods 1. In stage two of the programmestudents will study Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain ManagementStrategic Information Systemsand Research Methods 2. Stage three of the parttime delivery has just two modules: Operations and Analytics in Supply Chain Management and Innovation and Disruptive Technologies. Finally in stage four of the programme students will complete either their DissertationApplied Research Project or Placement.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be structured in a blended format consisting of synchronous online and on-demand delivery.

The blended online delivery allows for the most appropriate mode of delivery to be applied to different parts of the syllabus. Typicallythe more theoretical content would be delivered through the on-demand modewith the discursive aspects of the syllabus more inclined to be delivered in the synchronous online mode. Althoughsuch discursive topics can also be considered in an in-class setting. The more practical and assessment-driven parts of the syllabus can also be reserved for the in-class time. Instruction on using the tools and technologies for data analytics can be delivered in class. Formative assessment exercises can be set in any mode to allow the learners to assess progress. Peer review of these formative assessments can help drive this developmentwhich can take place through asynchronous discussion boards or in-class or online discussions. The blended approach will also avail of directed e-learning objectssuch as annotated case studiesvideos and reading.

Entry Requirements

This programme is aimed at learners with a Level 8 honours bachelor's primary undergraduate degreeor Higher Diplomain a cognate area (e.g. computer scienceITsciencemathematicsstatisticsfinanceeconomicsbusiness (including quantitative methods)engineeringmaths and management information systems)who wish to specialise in the field of supply chain management with a view to entering the industryor those with a Level 8 honours bachelor's primary undergraduate degreeor Higher Diplomain a non-cognate area plus three to five years' experience of logistics or supply chain management and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionally. These will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Learners will need to have achieved a minimum second class second division award (2.2 classification) in their honours Bachelor's Level 8 degree.

Career Opportunities

Many international companies are choosing Ireland as the ideal location for their supply chain functionsaccording to Careerwise Ireland (2021). In Irelandspecificallythere are currently 488 supply chain vacancies ranging from mid-senior to executive level. Job titles range from Supply Chain ManagerSourcing Specialistand Planner to Operations Insight SpecialistSupply Chain Systems Analystand Supply Chain Director.

Graduates from the MSc in Supply Chain Management programme have the potential to excel in roles such as:

Supply Chain Manager
Procurement Officer
Excellence Manager

In additionthis programme will prepare graduates for further study for example a PhD in Supply Chain Management.

*  Subject to Validation.

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics

Course Content

Awarding body

Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Award Type

Major

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics

Duration

Full-Time: 1 Year (2 semesters Part-Time: 2 Years (4 semesters)

Next Intake

September 2022

Application Procedure

Apply directly to dbs.ie

Principles of Financial Decision Making
Data Analytics & Machine Learning for Finance
Data Analytics & Machine Learning for Finance
Predictive Financial Modelling
Applied Financial Analytics
Financial Intelligence & Data Visualisation
Information & Cybersecurity Management
Financial Risk Management
Behavioural Economics & Finance
Applied Research Methods
Applied Research Project

Overview

Financial analytics arms decision makers with the tools to make sense of an increasingly complex world. By combining internal financial information and operational data with external information such as social mediademographics and big datafinancial analytics may address critical business questions with unprecedented easespeedand accuracy.

The Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analysis has been designed to meet the growing need for financial professionals with the practical skills required for a rapidly evolving data driven financial function. Upon completion of this programmegraduates will understand the core principles of financebe equipped to utilise data analyticsmachine learningand visualisation toolsapply the appropriate financial analytic modelsand acquire enhanced understanding of business decision making in an ethical and cyber context.

Both full time and part time programme options are designed to facilitate learners with a Mathematic/Economic/ computing/technology background who wish to upskill in this new and emerging area of Financial Analytics.

Students can opt to take the theory and practical modules only and not complete the dissertation.

Aims and Objectives

The overall aim of the programme is to produce graduates with strong proficiencies in the application of financial analytics in a contemporary and evolving data driven environmentwhile also enhancing practical and technical skills. The programme aims to:

Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing financial technologies.
Provide learners with the ability to think critically and make informedvalue creatingdecisions based on complex and voluminous data.
Develop learners' core competencies and technical skills in the fields of applied financequantitative modelling risk management techniques and financial statement analysis.
Enhance the learner's ability to operate effectively in cross-cultural settingsunderstand the nature and complexities of globalisation with an ongoing commitment to the importance of business ethics in a global financial business environment.
Foster learners' leadership characteristics which will enable graduates to lead teams and to achieve organisational goals.
Create an innovative and entrepreneurial mind-set that will enable learners to solve real problems in an evolvingtechnologically driven work environment.
Enable learners to identifydevelop and apply detailed analyticalcreativeproblem solving and research skills.
Provide learners with a comprehensive platform for career developmentinnovation and further study.



Structure

Entry Requirements

This programme is offered 1 year full-time (2 semesters). Part timethis programme is offered 2 years; two evenings per week (4 semesters). The programme is structured as seven 5 ECTS and three 10 ECTS taught modulesand a 25 ECTS Applied Research Project.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification in a cognate area and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedbackwhich underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group project bases continuous assessmentand where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplaceand the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Career Opportunities

Graduates from the Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics programme will have the potential to work in a wide range of industriessuch as:

Accountants Financial or Managerial
Financial Analyst
Corporate Finance
Treasury Operations/Analyst
Portfolio Manager
Business Analyst
Business Intelligence
Consultant
Private Equity Analyst (VC)
Entrepreneur and/or Innovator

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics are:

A Level 8 primary cognate degree with a minimum second-class second-division (2.2) classification from a recognised third level institution. Cognate subjects include businessaccountancycomputinginformation systemsengineeringgeneral sciencemathematicsstatisticsdata analytics or related discipline.
Graduates of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion-style programme such as the DBS Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech
For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through Englishevidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTSCambridge CertificatePTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

DBS Professional School

Ireland's only Platinum Provider offering all modes of delivery.

DBS has been providing ACCA tuition for over 40 yearsand in that time thousands of students have passed their examinations in DBSwith over 1000 students achieving examination placings at national and worldwide levels.

Kaplan Financial at DBS is part of Kaplan Inc.the education division of Graham Holding Company. Each year Kaplan Financial trains over 45,000 Professional Accountancy students worldwide. As a Platinum Approved Learning Partner of ACCAwe are experts in delivering tailored content to help you studylearn and achieve your qualification.

Why DBS?

ONLY DBS has the experience and technology to offer a full and holistic range of flexible study options to ACCA students in the Ireland and beyond;
CLASSROOM: Students can attend classesdelivered by DBS's vastly experienced ACCA facultyon a full-time basis;
LIVE ONLINE: Students experience a live classroom environmentand have a choice of course schedulesall delivered through the state-ofthe-art MyKaplan platform;
ON DEMAND: Students can study using the exclusive 'on demand' library of pre-recorded study materials;
DISTANCE LEARNING: Students can study from anywhere using the highest quality Kaplan study materials.

ExamSitting   Classroom   Live Online   OnDemand   Distance Learning   

March                                                                  
June                                                                   
September                                                              
December                                                               

Who can study ACCA?

Multiple Sittings Available

ACCA is open to everyoneplus if you have a degree or accountancy qualification you may be exempt from certain ACCA exams. You must have three years' relevant practical experiencewhich can be obtained beforeduring or after your exams. This is known as the Practical Experience Requirement (PER).

Why ACCA?

Studying ACCA can help you take your career in any direction. The ACCA professional qualification will open doors to the best and most interesting employment opportunities all over the world. Employers all over the globe increasingly seek ACCA trained professionals because they have the strategic thinkingtechnical skills and professional values to drive their organisations forward in an increasingly data driven world. Wherever you are starting fromwhatever your study optionsDBS can help and guide you on your personal journey to becoming an ACCA qualified professional.

DBS offers courses for all four sittings to allow you to plan your studies across the year.

Come Visit Us

You can call into the College to talk to a member of the Admissions team anytime between 8:45am and 5:15pmMonday to Friday. Alternatively come along to our next Open Event where you can also meet with lecturersStudent Services and check out the College facilities.

Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any of the modulesprogrammes or courses described in this document. While every effort has been made to ensure the information contained in this document is correctthe College is not liable for any errors and omissions.

Notes

For further information contact:

Dublin Business SchoolD02 WC04Ireland.

13/14 Aungier StreetDublin 2T: 01 4177500 E: admissions@dbs.ie W: www.dbs.ie










Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document

Student FAQ Guide

Click the question below to land on the answer you need.

General Queries                                                                                                                                             3 

Will exams remain online for the duration of 2023/2024?                                                                                                     3 
Will all lectures be recorded and available after the live delivery?                                                                                        3 
Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH)                                                                                                                            3 
How do I upload my photo for the student card?                                                                                                              3 
I cannot sit an exam/I cannot submit my assignment on time                                                                                                  4 
What grade do I need to pass a module?                                                                                                                      4 
What is the procedure to repeat an assignment or an exam?                                                                                                   4 
Where can I find my timetable for my classes?                                                                                                               4 
How do I enquire about changing my course?                                                                                                                  5 
I want to change or deregister a module                                                                                                                     5 
Student cards for new students                                                                                                                              5 
Moodle                                                                                                                                                      5 
MS Office                                                                                                                                                   6 
Letter Requests                                                                                                                                             6 
I am an international student and I need letters for my visa extensionfor new accommodationand to open a new bank account. Where do I get these from?   6 
I need a copy of my transcript of results                                                                                                                   7 
Where do I find the Academic Calendars?                                                                                                                     7 
How do I update my personal details?                                                                                                                        7 
I have lost my Student Cardwhere do I get a new one?                                                                                                      7 
Attendance Monitoring                                                                                                                                       7 
I want to collect my Parchment                                                                                                                              8 
I need a receipt of fees paidhow can I get one issued?                                                                                                    9 
How do I get a PPS Number?                                                                                                                                  9 
Who can I talk to for Careers Advice and help with my C.V.?                                                                                                 9 
I am having some problems accessing Moodle.                                                                                                                 9 
A computer is not workingwhat should I do?                                                                                                                9 
Where can I park my car?                                                                                                                                    9 
Library Queries                                                                                                                                            10 
How can Access the library?                                                                                                                                10 
What hours is the library open?                                                                                                                            10 



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



How do I book a study room?                                                        10 
------
Where can I find resources for an assignment?                                      10 
Who should I discuss research with?                                                11 
How do I renew my books?                                                           11 
International & VISA Queries                                                       11 
What documents do I need for my first appointment with the Immigration Services?   11 
What do I do if it is my first time registering with the Immigration Services?     12 
What do I do to renew my VISA?                                                     12 
What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?                                 12 
Disabilities Office Queries                                                        13 
How do I register for the Disabilities Services?                                   13 
Student Life Queries                                                               13 
How many Clubs & Societies are there?                                              13 
How do I sign up for our Clubs & Societies?                                        14 
Where do I register for the college events?                                        14 
What are the main social media networks?                                           15 
Medical Information                                                                16 
What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?                                   16 
What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?                              17 



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



General Queries

Will exams remain online for the duration of 2023/2024?

Exams will continue to be held online for the foreseeable futureincluding Summer exams. There are limited exceptions to this for certain programmes. If your programme is an exceptionyou will be informed of this during the academic year.

Will all lectures be recorded and available after the live delivery?

Yesother than a small number of modules where the content or discussion in the class is sensitive and unsuitable for recording. In this instance there will still be a recording of the key points of the class.

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH)

The policies and procedures that govern the running of DBS programmes are located within our Quality Assurance Handbooklocated HERE

We encourage all students to familiarise themselves with the QAH linked aboveespecially regarding assessmentgradingassignment submission and learner conduct.

How do I upload my photo for the student card?

Please upload your picture by going to dbs.ie/photoupload. You will find information about file size and type of picture to be uploaded on that same webpage.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I cannot sit an exam/I cannot submit my assignment on time

If you miss an examand have a PMC (Personal Mitigating Circumstances) you must submit a ticket via servicedesk.dbs.ie along with supporting documentation such as a medical certificateor something equivalent. This documentation should be sent before the examination date.

If you are late submitting an assignmentan Assignment Extension Request form must be completed and emailed to your Programme Coordinatoralong with supporting documentation such as a medical certificateor something equivalent. This documentation should be received prior to the submission deadline.

PMC/Assignment Extension requests should never be assumed to be approved until written notice has been sent to you.

What grade do I need to pass a module?

Please check our Repeat Assessment Information page.

What is the procedure to repeat an assignment or an exam?

Please check our Repeat Assessment Information page.

Where can I find my timetable for my classes?

Once registeredyou should use the Outlook calendar in your student email account to see your personal timetableby logging into www.mydbs.ie. You can also download the Outlook App in order to view your personal timetable on your own device. Instructions for using the Outlook App can be found in the FAQ section of the Service Desk https://servicedesk.dbs.ie



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Generic timetables can also be viewed using the following link tts.dbs.ie. Any issues with timetables should be flagged by logging a ticket HERE

How do I enquire about changing my course?

Please note a change of course mid stage through an academic year or 2 weeks after the start date of a programme cannot be accommodated. If you wish to request a change of programme in the first two weeks of your course or before classes startplease contact admissions@dbs.ie

I want to change or deregister a module

Contact your Programme Coordinator to change or deregister an elective module. Please note there is a strict two-week window at the start of each semester in which you can change your modulesit is subject to availability. After this two-week window has elapsedit will not be possible to change your modules. This is valid for elective modules only: compulsory modules cannot be changed. You will be informed if your programme has any elective modules.

Student cards for new students

You will receive an email in your DBS email account notifying you when your student card is ready for collection. This can take up to two weeks after the beginning of your classes. You can go to classes normally without your student card if you still do not have itand your attendance will be fixed by us until the date you got your student card.

Moodle

Moodle is our virtual learning environmentand is used for many tasks during your studies. Here you will find access to your course material along with access or links to



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



onlinelive or recorded classes.

Your assessments will be uploaded through Moodle and feedback given there also.

You will retain access to Moodle pages for the current academic year plus 1 yearwith the exception of graduateswho lose access after 4 months.

MS Office

Learners will have access to MS Officeincluding their DBS emailuntil the 31st December of the year they graduate. Please note this access cannot be reinstated.

Letter Requests

Letters can be downloaded from the Self Service area on your Student Dashboard. The letter will be emailed to your DBS account instantly. These letters are tailored for opening a bank accountfor a PPSN appointmentand to confirm your enrollment in DBS.

I am an international student and I need letters for my visa extensionfor new accommodationand to open a new bank account. Where do I get these from?

Please use our self service option in your Student Dashboard. If you need any other specific letterit must be requested through a tickethere. All letters will be processed within 3 working days.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I need a copy of my transcript of results

Transcripts will be available to you once you graduate. You will receive an email with information to create your account on Digitarywhere you will receive your transcript digitally and have access to sharing and viewing your transcript.

Where do I find the Academic Calendars?

Academic Calendars are available here for the duration of the current academic year. Please check it for the holiday periodsexam sessions and reading weeks. Make sure you do not book any holidays during exam periods.

How do I update my personal details?

You can modify your address and phone number through your Student Dashboard under 'Personal Details'.

Please make sure your personal details are always updated.

I have lost my Student Cardwhere do I get a new one?

Please log a ticket here to request a replacement Student Card in the event you have lost or misplaced it. Please note there is a fee of €10 for the replacement of lost cards.

Attendance Monitoring

Attendance is monitored by scanning your student card against the card readers in the classroom before class.

If you do not have a student card yet for being a new studentplease wait until you receive an email confirming it is ready for collection. Your attendance will then be updated for the days you had no card. This is valid only for the first 2 weeks of classes.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



If you participated in a class online and your attendance record wasn't updatedplease log a ticket via servicedesk.dbs.ie with all the details of the online class (moduledate and timelecturer). We will check the reports to confirm if you were in classand amend your attendance accordingly.

If you have forgotten your cardincorrectly tapped your cardor actually missed classes for any reasonattendance will NOT be fixed.

If you experience any other issues with attendance on campus once you already have a student cardplease contact your lecturer directly.

To make sure you get attendanceplease watch the video: Attendance Video If you are absent from class and qualify for PMC circumstances (please refer to the Quality Assurance Handbook) submit a form to your Programme Coordinator along with your documentation.

I want to collect my Parchment

If you have already been notified that your parchment is readyyou will have received instructions about it and can proceed accordingly. Should you have queriesplease contact Academicoperations@dbs.ie requesting your parchmentand your programme coordinator will get back to you as soon as possible.

If you have only recently finished your programme/finished your final examsparchments will not be ordered from QQI until your official results are released. They will then take up to 8 weeks to arrive with us at DBS. Parchments are first distributed at the graduation ceremonies but exceptions can be made on a case by case basis for early release.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I need a receipt of fees paidhow can I get one issued?

Please log a ticket by clicking here to request a receipt of fees.

How do I get a PPS Number?

Outlined below are the various steps required to obtain a PPSN: Welfare Ireland WebsitePPSN

Letters for PPSN confirming you are a student at DBS are available in your Student Dashboard

Who can I talk to for Careers Advice and help with my C.V.?

Please contact the Careers Team who will be delighted to help.

I am having some problems accessing Moodle.

Please phone IT: 01-4177-573

A computer is not workingwhat should I do?

If there is a problem with any of the computers that you are working on at DBSit is important to report it to the IT Departmentyou can phone 01-4177-573 or log a ticket here. You can also see our Information Technology Services page for more information.

Where can I park my car?

Parking is available at Drury Street Car Park.

Daytime Rate Max €10 Please note that the Daytime Student Rate will increase from €2.00 per hour to €2.50 per hour from 1st Feb 2020.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Monday Saturday 7:30am to 1am

Evening Rate €3

Monday to Saturday 4:30pm to 1am

Sunday Rate Max €10

11am to 9pm

To avail of these rates you must validate your ticketby punching a hole in the ticket in the machine located at our Security Desks. Payment can then be made at the ticket machines in the car park.

Library Queries

How can Access the library?

You can access the library in person on the second floor of the Aungier Street Campus or you can access the library webpage here.

What hours is the library open?

Library opening hours can be viewed here

How do I book a study room?

On the top menugo to Bookings and select 'book a room' you will be prompted to log in using your Single Sign-on detailsthe same you use to log in to Moodle. Note that a maximum one hour per day can be booked per student. Link

Where can I find resources for an assignment?

If you are looking for books and ebooksplease visit our catalogue (books.dbs.ie)or check out your reading list (lorls.dbs.ie/)



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



For journal articlescase studies and other online resources please visit our A to Z database guide: https://libguides.dbs.ie/az.php

If you are struggling to find subject-specific resourcesplease take a look at your Subject Guides on the library website. These are tailored to each subject to host materials that are particularly useful/relevant.

If you are looking for an article go to the home page of the library website and type the name of the article or key words in the search box.

Who should I discuss research with?

The library offers one to one support on accessingevaluating and preparing your research. You can book a session at this link

How do I renew my books?

You can renew your books here. After logging in select individual items to renew and click Renew selected or simply click Renew all.Please note that if there are holds on a title or you have reached the limit of renewals you will not be able to renew.

International & VISA Queries

What documents do I need for my first appointment with the Immigration Services?

Please see the Irish Immigration Website for a list of documents you will need for an appointment with Irish Immigration Services.

You can download your enrollment letter (the General Reference Letter) to state you are studying at Dublin Business School from Self Service when logging in here.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



What do I do if it is my first time registering with the Immigration Services?

If it is your first time registering with immigrationregistration instructions are here.

What do I do to renew my VISA?

Please see here for the full list of required documents needed to renew your visa if you are already living in Ireland and currently hold a VISA.

Please see here to renew your visa permissions online if you have already previously registered with immigration services in Dublin.

What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?

Students must have registered with ISD and received your IRP cardif you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

financial resources are required as financial proof when applying for a student visa for Ireland

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday periodJune to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Disabilities Office Queries

How do I register for the Disabilities Services?

Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.

Our officer will also guide you through the process for availing of these supports.

Student Life Queries

How many Clubs & Societies are there?

There is a wide variety of clubs and societies that can be found in DBScatering for all interests and passions. We have over 50 active clubs & societies.

1. Academic and Professional: These clubs and societies focus on specific academic disciplines or professional fieldssuch as businessdata analyticslawevent managementsustainabilitypsychologyetc.
2. Cultural and Ethnic: These clubs and societies celebrate and promote the culturetraditionsand heritage of specific ethnicities or countries. DESI societyItalian SocietyInternational student societyMalaysian societyand others.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



3. Hobby and Interest: These clubs and societies are centered around shared hobbies or interestssuch as photographygamingmusicdancedramachesshikingcreative writingdebateetc.
4. Sports and Recreation: These clubs and societies are dedicated to sports and physical activities. Such as Footballbasketballbadmintonultimate Frisbeetennissea swimmingvolleyballrock climbingmartial artsyogaetc.

We have a very diverse range of options availableand if you don't find a club that matches your interestsyou can even consider starting your own club with like-minded individuals.

How do I sign up for our Clubs & Societies?

During your inductionsa Clubs & Societies Sign-Up form will be shared. This is your way of showing your interest in any of our Clubs & Societieswho will follow up with you. All clubs and societies are free (there is no charge) to join.

CLICK HERE TO VIEW CLUBS & SOCIETIES SIGN-UP FORM

Where do I register for the college events?

It is simple to register for College events. The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. For more information and how to purchase ticketsplease check out our Eventbrite HERE.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



What are the main social media networks?

Here are the links to all of our social media handles. Start following us now to keep up to date of what's going on.

INSTAGRAM @dbsstudentexperience TIKTOK @dbsstudentexperience FACEBOOK DBS Student Experience

SPOTIFY DBS Student Experience Podcast



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Medical Information

What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?

If you get sick while you're in Irelandhere are some steps you can take to ensure you receive the appropriate care and assistance:

Assess Your Condition: Determine the severity of your illness. If it's a minor ailment that you can manage with over-the-counter medicationyou might not need immediate medical attention. Howeverif your condition is serious or worseningseek medical help promptly.

Contact a Doctor or GP: If you need medical attentionyou can call a local doctor (General Practitioner or GP) to schedule an appointment. They can provide advicediagnose your conditionand recommend appropriate treatment.

Which Doctor or GP should I visit?

DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medicalas our chosen student medical centre should students require a doctor's appointment. As many students may require a GP whilst studyingwe believe this partnership will be beneficial to students due to its close proximity to the DBS campus.

Dame Street Medical is now taking on new patients and registering is extremely easy. To register simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors.

To book an appointment:

Call (01 6790754) or email damestreetmedicalcentre@gmail.com



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Read more here.

What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?

Visit a Pharmacy: For minor illnesses or common ailmentsyou can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications. Pharmacists in Ireland can provide guidance on non-prescription remedies.

Hospital or Emergency Care: In case of a medical emergency or if your condition is severego to the nearest hospital emergency department. Dial 112 or 999 for emergency services in Ireland.

Travel Insurance: If you have travel insurancecontact your insurance provider to understand the coverage and procedures for seeking medical care. They can guide you on how to proceed and what documentation you might need.

Public Health Clinics: Depending on the nature of your illnessyou might be able to visit a public health clinic or urgent care center for non-emergencies.

Language Barrier: If English is not your first language and you're having trouble communicating your symptomsconsider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you to the medical facility.

Prescription Medication: If a doctor prescribes medicationyou can have it filled at a pharmacy. Keep in mind that some medications that are available over the counter in other countries might require a prescription in Ireland.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Rest and Hydration: Regardless of the severity of your illnessmake sure to reststay hydratedand follow any medical advice you receive.

Stay Informed : Keep up to date with local health advisoriesespecially if there are any specific health concerns or outbreaks in the area.

Remember that it's important to seek appropriate medical care when needed. If you're unsure about the best course of actiondon't hesitate to ask locals or staff at your accommodation for guidance. It's also recommended to have a basic understanding of your travel insurance coverage before you travel to ensure you know what to do in case of illness.
JUNE 2021 ISSUE 1





CHECK OUT WHAT'S INSIDE THE ISSUE

1. Introduction
2. Academic CPD
3. Classroom Enhancements: Zoom Rooms
4. Events
5. Funding Calls. There are two live calls for applications for National Forum Funding…
6. LT&A in Practice
7. New Team



INTRODUCTION

Welcome to the first Learning Teaching and Assessment Newsletter where we will be highlighting all things Learning Teaching and Assessment (LT&A)from news and events to Academic CPD and changes and enhancements to the LT&A environment.

Please let me know if there is anything you would like included in our monthly update.

Thank you.





ACADEMIC CPD

Academic CPD Page



The team has opened a new Academic CPD page on Moodlewhich is different from the staff Training Page.

The  Academic  CPD  page  holds  On  Demand  content  on  teaching learning  and assessment  topics whereas  the  training  page  contains  more  how-to  technical support and advice.This past semester the teamwith the help from facultyhave put together several On Demand unitsincluding recordings of roundtable discussionson the following topics;

Rubrics
Feedback
Active Learning
Moderation
Creating On-Demand content (to be released)
Copyright and teaching content (to be released)
Programme approach to Assessment (to be released)



Click here to access this page: https://elearning.dbs.ie/course/view.php?id=13397 The team is currently reviewing academic CPD for next semester.

Thank you to faculty who helped us put together this On Demand content and to the online development teamspecifically academic developer Bernadette Higgins.

Please let any member  of  the teamthe LT&A  Committee  or your  Course Director/Faculty Manager aware of any areas of CPD that interest you.


How far apart are the DBS educational sites? DBS educational sites are 5 minutes' walk apart


National Forum Short Courses

DBS will facilitate two National Forum Short Courses this summer.

1. EnTICE which is about engaging students through active learningand Getting Started with Online Teaching (GSOT).

These courseswhich are aligned with the National Forum's Professional Development Frameworklast six weeks and require approximately 25 hours of participant effortwhich includes attendance at weekly seminars and the assessment. Those who complete a short course and assessment are rewarded with a National Forum Digital Badgewhich is recognised throughout the Irish HE sector.

These courses have a limited number of places on them. There will be an information session on June 15th about the courseswhich will run parallel from the last week in June to the end of July.

For more information please contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie





2. AdvanceHE

Over a dozen members of faculty are pursuing applications for AdvanceHE fellowships through DBS.

We have applicants working toward Associate FellowshipsFellowships and Senior Fellowships.

As well as the potential to apply for fellowshipsDBS's membership of AdvanceHE affords us access to a number of resources (https://www.advance-he.ac.uk/)

Should you want to know more about AdvanceHE or the fellowship tractplease contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie.





CLASSROOM ENHANCEMENTS: ZOOM ROOMS

Zoom Rooms

Zoom Rooms is a combination of software and hardware designed to facilitate an enhanced Hybrid teaching experience.

A wide screen TVwith a Neat Bar (a grey bar underneath the TVwhich contains a microphonespeakers and tracking camera)has been installed in seven classrooms in DBS.

A tablet to operate the camera and speakers has also been installed in the rooms to complete the hardware side of zoom rooms.





CLASSROOM ENHANCEMENTS: ZOOM ROOMS

The online learners who are logging in via zoom are displayed on the Widescreen TV in front of the lecturer.

The microphone in the Neat Bar picks up all the sound in the roomwhether the sound is coming from the front or back of the roomor whether or not the person speaking has their back to the microphone.

The tracking camera follows the movement of the lecturer. In large classroomsThe TV screen and Neat Bar are installed about a third of the way down the classroomwhich means the lecturer can move around the top third of the room while still being tracked by the camera.

In smaller rooms and labsthe TV screen is at the back of the roomso online learners have a clear view of the class and the lecturer is free to move around and stay in shot. A full guide to using zoom rooms will be published shortly.

We have live tested zoom rooms with two lecturers and their classes and a currently live testing it with four more lecturersafter which zoom rooms will be rolled out to any lecturers timetabled to use zoom room classrooms.

For more information on zoom roomsplease contact isabel.ashburner@dbs.ie

DBS has the capacity to equip 17 classrooms between Aungier Street and Castle Houseall of which should be fully operational by September.

Fifth Floor in Castle House classrooms

We are currently working with Facilities and Academic Operations to investigate alternative furniture arrangements for the new classrooms on the fifth floor in Castle House. Some of the options under consideration include Nodes (also known as the Dalek option)stackable flip chairs and tables and Clusters around a Screen.



EVENTS

There are several LT&A events and webinars during June.



9th June: Múineadh na Gaeilge ar an tríú leibhéal

10th June: The CEFR in Language Teaching

10th June: The Next Steps for EqualityDiversity and Inclusion: Advance HE's Inaugural Conference in Ireland

10th June: Developing Enabling Policies for Digital and Open Teaching and Learning

15th June: Accomplishing Change in Teaching and Learning Regimes

15th June: Cohort-based PhD Programmes in Ireland: ReflectionsLearningsand the Future

15th June: Exploring the Role of Contemplative Pedagogy in Inspiring Education Practice and Student Engagement Educator and Student Perspectives

17th June: Showcasing a Tiered Public Health Occupational Therapy Approach to Supporting Student ParticipationHealthWellbeing and Success in Higher Education

22nd June: Re-imagining Impact as Evidencing Value in Teaching and Learning



FUNDING CALLS.

THERE ARE TWO LIVE CALLS FOR APPLICATIONS FOR NATIONAL FORUM FUNDING…

There is an open call for contributions to Valuing Ireland's Teaching & Learning' (VIT&L) this coming November.



VIT&L Weekwhich takes place on 08-12 Novemberwill involve studentsstaffsenior managers and policy partners through a mix of in-person and online events in which good practice and scholarship will be sharedstrategic discussions will be heldexcellence will be recognisedand the sector will come together to consider how to realise the promise of a valued and informed teaching and learning culture in Irish higher education. See the VIT&L web site for more information.

The call for funding to host a National Forum Seminar during 2021/22 closes on the 25th June. More information is available from the National Forum's Website.

Subscribe for updates on National Forum news and events.



LT&A IN PRACTICE



We would like to profile positiveinnovative and interesting Learning Teaching or assessment case studies from DBS faculty.

Would you be willing to submit a brief description in any format (videoaudiotextimage collage)of an LTorA practice.

Please contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie if you have a teaching or assessment strategy that you would like to see highlighted.



NEW TEAM



DBS College Handbook

2021/2022


Foreword

The purpose of this College Handbook is to provide you with a guide to Dublin Business School (DBS).  It  will  help  you  find  your  way  around  College  as  well  as  provide  you  with  valuable information on the resourcesregulationspolicies and procedures in DBS.

The  DBS  student  website  is  the  official  source  for  all  information  and  can  be  viewed  at https://students.dbs.ie/. In particularthe DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) is located here (https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah) and is the primary source of information on all College policiesrules and regulations. This College Handbook is not intended as a substitute for these sourcesor other DBS official documentsand may be subject to change. So please ensure to consult the websiteas well as read your DBS emailfor all up-to-date information.

We recognise that this year holds many significant challenges for learners due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  DBS  is  actively  monitoring  the  COVID-19  situation  carefully  and  will  continue  to provide guidance in line with the Irish Government. 1  Information on how DBS is managing the current situationincluding our plans for social distancingteaching and the year ahead can be found here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/information-for-20-21-academic-year. Please note that arrangements are subject to change in light to the current situation.

We hope that you will have an excitingrewarding and fulfilling experience at DBS and wish you every success on your learning journey.

1  You can view the latest information on how Ireland is responding to cases of COVID-19 on the Government of Ireland website at: https://www.gov.ie/en/campaigns/c36c85-covid-19-coronavirus/.



SECTION 1 Learner Charter

The Learner Charter aims to make learners aware of what you can expect of DBS and outlines what DBS can expect of you.

1.1 Why a Learner Charter?

DBS has around 9,000 active learners enrolled on programmes. We want the learner experience for all our learners to be a positive one. We recognise that our learners are part of a community of learningand that we have obligations to fulfil towards our learnersand that learners likewise have responsibilities to  themselves to  their  fellow  learners  and  to  the  College.  The  Learner Charter therefore aims to set out what we see as the key areas that help to foster a supportiveconstructive  and  positive  learning  environment.  This  Charter however like  the Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) is a 'living document' we want to respond to issues as they arise. So if there is something you think is missingwe are happy to hear about it. Your suggestions can be made in writing here.

1.2 The DBS Learner Charter

You can expect to:

1. Be provided with a welcoming and supportive environment in which to pursue your studies.
2. Be provided with a teaching and learning experience that helps you to achieve the intended programme learning outcomesand ultimately your qualification.
3. Be given timely feedback on your academic performance on an ongoing basis.
4. Be provided with suitable resources to support your learningand to be made aware of how to access these resources.
5. Be provided with accurate and timely information central to your studies such as timetablesformspolicies and procedures.
6. Be treated with respectdignity and professionalism by DBS staff at all times.
7. Be provided with opportunities to take part in wider academicprofessional and social activities aimed at enhancing your personal development.
8. Be provided with opportunities to give formal feedback to DBS on the quality of all aspects of the learner experience.
9. Receive prompt and timely responses to queriescomplaints or other issues.



DBS expects Learners to:

1. Take responsibility for your studies and proactively manage your own learning experience.
2. Attend classeslectures and other academic activities related to your programme of study and actively engage with/ in the content/ activity.
3. Take responsibility for the completion of all assessmentsincluding the submission of assignments in accordance with deadlinesand similarly take responsibility for your attendance at examinations.
4. Work with staff and fellow learners to foster a positive and supportive learning environment for everyone.
5. Respect the academic integrity of the College and comply with policy and procedure as set out in the Quality Assurance Handbook .
6. Proactively ensure you are aware of key programme information such as deadlinesand to regularly monitor your College e-mail to ensure you are aware of DBS communications.
7. Use College facilities in an appropriate manner and with respect for other users.
8. Behave in a courteous and professional manner towards staff and other learners at all times.
9. Proactively inform the College if you have circumstances that you feel may impact on your studiesand to take responsibility for seeking any support that you may require.
10. Ensure that you follow all health and safety requirements of the College so as to protect yourself and the DBS community.



SECTION 2 Finding Your Way Around DBS

2.1 People you may encounter

The following DBS staff roles all play a part in the administration of your discipline area and the programmes it offers.

Programme Coordinator

Programme Coordinators provide administrative support and ensure that you are provided with full details of your programme of study. They are the first point of contact for a range of issues such as programme queriesdeferrals or personal mitigating circumstances (PMCs) that may affect your learning. Programme Coordinators are responsible for day-to-day management of student information and data.

Module Leaders

Each module on your programme has a module leader. This is the main lecturer responsible for the module. They prepare and deliver the material and set and mark your assessments. They also ensure that the module content is regularly reviewed and up to date. Contact details for each module leader can be found on the Moodle page for each module.

Academic Director

Academic  Directors  are  responsible  for  the  academic  quality overall  management  and development  of  the  programme the  coordination  of  the  organisation  and  delivery  of  the programme and  the  support  of  learners  on  the  programme.  The  Academic  Director  has  an important role in mentoring learners and providing them with guidance and support on both academic and non-academic matters related to learner life.

Assessment and Regulations Manager

The Assessment and Regulations Manager has responsibility for assessment and examinationsacademic regulationsstudent discipline and conduct in relation to assessmentacademic records and liaison with accrediting bodies.

The Exams Team

The  Exams  Team  works  with  the  Assessment  and  Regulations  Manager  in  managing  and administering all aspects of examsincluding timetablingorganising roomsbooking invigilatorsreceipt  and  checking  of  exam  papers  and  associated  documentation running  exam  eventsmanagement of scripts and provision of all information to External Examiners.



Registrar

The Registrar is the member of senior management responsible for safeguarding and promoting the academic integrity and qualityand academic standards of DBS and ensuring that DBS is operating  in  accordance  with  academic  regulations.  The  Registrar  formulates  the  academic policiesstandardsprocesses and procedures of DBS and ensures that they are followed and enforced.

School Administrative Officer

The  School Administrative Officer manages  student  registration and  graduation events throughout the year. They are also secretary to a number of boardsincluding Academic Board and Board of Studies. Any learner complaints should be submitted to the School Administrative Officer  (email:  schooladminofficer@dbs.ie)  using  the Complaints  Form on  the  DBS  student website at https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

2.2 Timetables

Timetablesincluding details of the location of classescan be found at https://students.dbs.ie/timetables ('My timetable'). Notes regarding changes will be found here and communication will be sent out to you via email. Where an unavoidable change occurs at short noticenotifications will also be sent out to mobile phone numbers. This means it is very important to keep your contact details up to date. Should you need to change these please see the Change Personal Details section of the DBS student portal.

You can obtain a personalised timetable by using the calendar in your student email account. Your timetable can also be sync'd with your mobile device.

See https://students.dbs.ie/computer-services if you require help with any technical issues.

2.3 Attendance

Students are expected to attend all of their classesand attendance for face-to-face classes is monitored through the process of 'tagging in' electronically using your student card. If you do not tag in to your lecture you will be marked as absent.

Evidence  suggests  that  learners  with  attendance  of  at  least  80 -85%  tend  to  achieve  better outcomes on their programme. Furtherpoor attendance can affect the class dynamic and impact other learnersso it is in everyone's interests to maintain a good attendance record.

If you have forgotten your student card to tag in withthen you should make your lecturer aware during  or  directly  after  your  class.  The  Programme  Coordinator  cannot  update  your  record



without written confirmation from the lecturer. If you have valid reasons to miss classa Medical Certificate or other relevant supporting documentation should be provided to the Programme Coordinator to note an 'authorised absences' on your record.

In order to help you keep track of your student attendancethe percentage is available to view on your Moodle page. Full details of the attendance policy are available in the QAH Part B Section 4: Programme Participation .

International Student Attendance Requirements

All  International  Students  who  have  a  Stamp  2  Student  Visa  have  a  minimum  attendance requirement of 85% to comply with their visa requirements.  To assist international students in this regardwe monitor and report the attendance of these students to INIS on a regular basis. We also report any students where attendance is consistently below 85%.

If you cannot attend because of illnessa certificate from a doctor will be required where the absence is greater than two days.

2.4 Class Representative System

Each class group in DBS appoints one or two Class Representatives. These Class Representatives then liaise with learners and faculty and coordinate student feedback and student input to the course review process.

At the beginning of the academic yearClass Representatives will attend training. This training will be coordinated and run by Student Services. Class Representatives will have two meetings with the Academic Director and two meetings with Student Services during the academic year and reports of these meetings will be part of DBS's formal review process.

Each Class Representative who is active during the year will be entitled to a letter of recognition to acknowledge their participation in the role.

2.5 Learner Feedback

DBS takes learner feedback very seriously and acts on a formal and informal basis to address our learners' comments and observations.  Questionnaires are  completed by  learners  on  Moodle regularly during the year to provide the opportunity for each individual to contribute directly to the  course  review  process.    Immediate  issues  are  addressed  as  soon  as  possible  and recommendations are reviewed for following academic years.



2.6 Policy on Recording by Learners

It is DBS policy that no student may record sound or video in a teaching situationwhich includes lecturersseminarstutorials or labswithout prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating students. Only in caseswhere there are personal mitigating circumstances for a studentwill requests of this nature be considered. A formal request must be made prior to any recordingand academic staff have the right to refuse where other mechanisms to support the student can be instituted. Full details of the recoding policy are available in the Learner Code of Conduct and Digital Well-Being Policies in the QAH.

2.7 Policy on DBS Recording

All live learning activities in DBSwith some exceptionsare recordedin accordance  with the Recording of Learning Activities Policy. Recordings of learning activities are then deleted from Moodle within 12 months after the module has finished for that cohortin accordance with DBS's Data Retention Policy (see the DBS QAH) for further information on both policies.  Learners will be notified if a learning activity on their programme will not be recorded.

Recordings  of  live  online hybrid  and  in-class  sessions  are  made  available  to  learners  on  the Module page on Moodle.  Recordings of learning activities are  intended to  complement live learning sessions and not to replace them.



SECTION 3 DBS Student Services and Facilities

3.1 Dublin Business School Campus

DBS is a city centre campus. The majority of classes are held in our buildingsCastle House on Georges' St or Aungier StreetDublin 2 . All buildings are within 5 minutes' walk of each other. The following is a comprehensive key to our buildings:

1. Castle House73/83 South Great Georges Street (appears as CH on timetable)
2. 13/14 Aungier Street (appears as AS on timetable)
3. Bow Lane (next to the Aungier Street building; appears as BL on timetable)
4. 6/9 Balfe StreetBlock A and B (appears as BSA and BSB on timetable)
5. Wicklow House84-88 South Great George's Street (appears as WH on timetable)

Buses servicing Aungier Street/South Great Georges Street directly include: 915166565B83140 or 122.

All busDARTLuas and rail routes service the city centre with stations close to the College. The map below shows the location of our buildings.







3.2 Room Legend and Access Codes

The following table lays out the key for building name abbreviations as they will appear on your timetable. Please contact DBS Reception for the associated door codes for entry:

Timetable abbreviation   Building             Door Code                    
--
AS                       Aungier Street       No code required             
BL                       Bow Lane             Available from DBS Reception 
BSA                      Balfe Street Block A Available from DBS Reception 
BSB                      Balfe Street Block B Available from DBS Reception 
CH                       Castle House         No code required             
WH                       Wicklow House        No code required             

3.3 Car Parking at DBS

DBS has subsidised car parking available with two car parksDrury Street Multi-storey on Drury Street  and  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons  Car  Park  attached  to  St  Stephens  Green  Shopping Centre.

Drury Street Multi Storey

Daily rate €10 (including weekends) Monday -Friday 4.30pm -1am €2.50.

Royal College of Surgeons (RCSI)

Monday -Friday 5pm -Midnight€2.00 .

To avail of these rateyou must get your ticket validated using the stamp at the security desks in Aungier Street or Castle House.

3.4 Moodle

Moodle is the DBS online virtual learning platformwhich you can use as your 'go-to' resource for class notespower-pointsrecordings of lecturesassignment briefs and submissions and much more. The College is increasingly using blended learning in programme delivery and as such you can expect to find a range of activities and resources for each module within Moodle.

Go to https://elearning.dbs.ie/my/ to login to Moodleusing your student number and password. Your password will have been  sent to your personal email address once you have registered for your programme. You will find a useful guide to Moodle here: https://students.dbs.ie/gettingstarted-with-moodle.



3.5 IT Services

DBS strives  to  ensure  that  student  computing  facilities  and  services  in  the  College  are continuously upgraded to cater for emerging academic needs and to capitalise on developments in technology.

An overview of IT services and support can be found here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-studentservices/computer-services.

This page details the opening hours and location of the IT helpdeskthe phone number and how to log a ticket with IT.

If you have any IT issues please log a ticket at http://servicedesk.dbs.ie/ or call in person to the Student Support Desk on the second floor in Castle Houseor call us on 01 4177573.

Further information is available on the website at the above link.



SECTION 4 Academic Information and Resource Centre

4.1 Introduction

The formal name of the DBS library is the Academic Information and Resource Centreand it is located on the second floor of the DBS Aungier Street campus. Howeversince March 2020 DBS has  introduced  many  changes  in  the  Library  Services  to  ensure  compliance  with  COVID-19 guidelines. Leaners will have access to an extensive online librarywhich is accessible via the library website at: http://library.dbs.ie/.

Opening Hours:

The online library databases are available online off-campus 24/7.

The physical library is currently offering a 'Click and Collect' service due to COVID-19 restrictionsand the library staff are still available to help during opening hours.

Contact details are as follows:

Phone:

01 4177572

Email:

library@dbs.ie

Website:

library.dbs.ie

Librarians are also available to help with any queries via our Ask-a-Librarian webchat which can be accessed from any page of the library website at: https://library.dbs.ie/.

Library Services:

Information Skills Classes: the Information Skills Librarian runs a variety of classes on how to evaluate and use information effectively; essay writingavoiding plagiarism and referencing. Please consult the Library Website (Information Skills menu) for further information. A timetable of upcoming Library Classes can be found at https://libcal.dbs.ie/calendar/classes.
Guides/Handbooks: guides on how to use resourcesessay writingreferencingavoiding plagiarismconducting a literature reviewetc. are available on the library website and in hardcopy. There is also a quick guide to library resources.
Research Papers: research by faculty and students (theses with a mark of 2.i upwards) is available on the College's institutional repository eSource : https://esource.dbs.ie/.



4.2 Online Reading Lists

Reading lists are central to the teaching and learning experience in higher education. The DBS Academic Information and Resource Centre uses LORLS to provide dynamic online reading lists to learners with access to online reading lists with links to a range of resources including library catalogue records (for books)eBooksjournal articlesjournal titlesand websites. The online reading list for any module can be found on Moodle by selecting the Library Reading List link in the Module Information sectio n of the module's page.

4.3 Academic and Resource Centre Team

You can contact any member of the team by e-mailing: library@dbs.ie.

Teaching Librarian

The Teaching Librarian is responsible for teaching information skills to students across the College through a range of scheduledembedded and bespoke classes.

Postgraduate Librarian

Postgraduate students can book a one-to-one research support session with the Postgraduate Librarian.

Reader Services Librarian

The Reader Services Librarian is responsible for all front-facing services including student and staff enquiries and guidance.

Research Librarian

The Research Librarian is responsible for supporting the research activities of faculty and for maintaining the institutional repositoryeSource: https://esource.dbs.ie/.

Law Librarian

The Law Librarian is responsible for the law collection (print and e-resources) of the Library.

Acquisitions Librarian

The Acquisitions Librarian is responsible for the collection development of the Library. First Year Librarian
The First Year Librarian is the go-to Librarian for all student enquiries.

Please go to https://library.dbs.ie/ to find out more about the Library at DBS.



SECTION 5 Support for Learners with Additional Needs

DBS support students with specific needs by providing active interest in the welfare of each and every student at DBS. 

The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.

For full details please see the QAH Section 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

The following are examples of accommodations that may be provided by Dublin Business School to students with specific learning needs:

Extra time to complete each examinations
Dictation / scribe in exams
,se of a laptop
A reader in exams
Enlarged print to A3 size
Smaller or separate examination rooms
Rest period during examinations
Allowance by the examiner for grammar and spelling

Registering with the Learner Supports Service

It is  important  for  students  with specific physical or  learning  needs  to  register  upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register  or  to  discuss  any  issues  relating  to  specific  accommodations contact  the  Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667)email (learnersupports@dbs.ie)or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate  report  from  a  relevant  expert  such  as  a  medical  consultant  or  educational psychologist.  The  Learner  Supports  Coordinator  will  maintain  strict  confidentiality  unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.


Fund for Students with Disabilities is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations  such as classroom assistants sign language interpretersa ssistive technologies etc


Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations  such as classroom assistants sign language interpreters assistive technologies etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.
DBS students, as students of a private college, are not eligible for the Fund for Students with Disabilities.


SECTION 6 Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU)

Dublin Business School (DBS) welcomes and supports all new entrants in their transition in toand back tothird level education. As part of this commitmentDBS has established a Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU) which aims to help students with this transition.

There may be times when you will need support and assistance with your studies or with personal issues  and  SESU  is  here  to help.    These  include  SESU  Drop  in  sessions -Tea  &  Talk SESU Workshops  for  Numerical  Skills Academic  Writing  &  IT  Skills  as  well  as  Research  Skills  & Referencing. Our Peer Mentor Programme will also provide peer-support across all programmes throughout the academic year.

For the academic year 2020/21the Student Engagement & Success Unitthe Student Experience Team  &  the  Student  Union  will  be  focusing  on  health  promotion resilience  strategies  & promoting  a  positive  environment.  Student  Wellbeing  was  developed  to  recognise  the importance mental wellbeing plays in our students' college experience.

For more informationincluding the full range of supportsservices and contact detailsplease go to: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-sesu/student-wellbeing.

You can contact any member of the team by e-mailing: sesu@dbs.ie.



SECTION 7 The Student Experience Department

The Student Experience Team is located on the 4th floor in Castle House and the Ground Floor in Aungier Street. We are here to support student success and enhance your student experience.

7.1 Student Welfare

DBS continues to focus on student health and well-beingwith the mental health of our students being a priority.

Student Welfare is located in the Student Services Hub on the 4th Floor in Castle House. We provide  support  in  an  impartial  and  confidential  manner along  with  information  regarding counselling options and free support services.

To contact our Welfare Officer in confidence e-mail student.services@dbs.ie.

7.2 Medical Assistance

If you require medical assistance during your time in DBSthe Aungier St Medical Clinic offers a discount to students carrying a valid Student card.

7.3 Careers Hub

The DBS Careers Hublocated in Aungier Streetoffers specific pathways for students in order for you to achieve your Career Goals. Refer to the website at https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-studentservices/careers-hub for more information and to book your place on one of our workshops.

7.4 Student Council

The  DBS  Student  Council  welcomes  all  students  appointed  or  elected  to  the  role  of  Class Representative Peer Mentors Sports  Clubs  & Society  leaders  and  members  of  the  Students Union. The Council acts as a platform for two-way communication between the College and the student body.

7.5 Social life

College life is about much more than just education. The DBS campus is located in Dublin City Centreand we use all of the extra-curricular and recreational opportunities that our unique location offers. DBS recognises that clubs and societies are key to enhancing and enriching a student's experience while in college. Get involvedand besides doing something that you love and enjoyyou will meet new friends with similar interestsmeet fellow students on different programmesand develop as a person. Whatever your intereststhere is a club or society for everyone!



Talk to the Team in the Student Services Hub in Castle House and come along to the Clubs and Societies Sign Up days.

7.6 Sports Clubs

Recent  years  have  seen  exceptional  sporting  success  for  DBS with  our  student  teams  being crowned Intervarsity Champions in CricketBasketball and Soccer.

Other sports clubs in the College include RugbySoccerAthleticsBadmintonCricketFutsalHockeyGolfVolleyballEquestrianSurfing and Water SportsCyclingGo-CartingHillwalkingOrienteeringSwimmingRock ClimbingTable TennisPoolArchery and Dodgeball.

7.7 Societies

The College has over 50 societies across different interest areasincluding activity-basedspecial interestreligionsinternational and cultural and volunteering and social.

7.8 Student Entertainment

There  is  a  full  and  varied  schedule  of  social  and  cultural  events  throughout  the  year.  From Freshers ' Week in SeptemberRAG Weekweekly film screeningscultural excursions and day tripsand the Formal Ball and Awards in Maythere is something for everyone. We also celebrate important  cultural  and  national  events  such  as  Holi Eid St  Patrick's  Day 4 th July  and  other National Holidays. Watch the notice boards and social posts for more details and to book your place.

7.9 International Student Services

The International Student Services Team looks after the ongoing support of international students at DBSand provides the following services:

Registration and Orientation
Immigration Services and Advice
International Student Letters
Accommodation Advice
Further Study Information
Career Preparation Advice
General Advice and Support.

DBS  complies  with  the QQI  Code  of  Practice  for  Provision  of  Programmes  of  Education  and Training  to  International  Learners .  This  code  sets  out  expectations  relating  to  the  quality  of services and supports available to international learners in Ireland.



DBS is also a member and has representation on the board of the Irish Council for International Students (ICOS).

Student Experience Department Locations

Aungier Street (Ground Floor ) -Careers Hub

Castle House (4 th Floor) -Student Services Hub

⮚ Student Services (Student Experience OfficerStudy Abroad OfficerStudent Welfare Officer & International Officer)

Opening hours (both offices):

8:45am -17:15pm

Key Contacts:

Careers Team careerdevelopment@dbs.ie Student Services student.services@dbs.ie International Student Servicesintlservices@dbs.ie

This year will be a challenging year for us to stay connected but the Student Experience Team is committed to ensuring we have as much fun and connection as any other year and look forward to all the fun activities we have in store. See you there!



SECTION 8 Assessment

8.1 Methods of assessment

DBS programmes are assessed through a range of methodsincluding continuous assessment (CA) practicals placements project/thesis written  examinations or  a  combination  of  these assessment  tools.  The  assessment  methods  for  modules  within  each  programme  are  made known  to  learners  at  the  beginning  of  the  academic  year  via  the  individual  Programme Handbooks on the DBS website and your Module and Assessment Guides on Moodle.

For full details on DBS polices relating to assessmentplease refer the QAH Assessment Regulations . The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

Part B Section 5:

8.2 Exams

All information around examinations can be found on the Examinations Office page on our website. Please see http://students.dbs.ie/exams-office.

Please note that under restrictions arising from COVID-19DBS moved all exams to online exams from March 2020and this will continue for the academic year 2020/21. Full information will be provided by the Registrar and Exams Office in advance of examsbut learners should be prepared to sit exams online and should ensure timely access to a laptop and reliable internet connection. Additional hardware such as a webcam may also be required to allow monitoring of online exams.

Exams Absence

If  you  cannot  sit  the  exam  for  any  reason  you  should  complete  the  Personal  Mitigating Circumstance (PMC Form) through ticketing system on the Examinations Office web page.

Supporting  documents  are  required  to  defer  any  exam  and  should  be  submitted  to  your Programme Coordinator in advance of the date of the exam or within 7 days afterwards. Failure to defer will result in an attempted being recorded and module/s marks being capped at 40%

(Note that at Award Stage repeat modules will result in capping of the overall award.).

Exam Timetables

Examinations  timetables  are  posted  on  the  site  at  https://students.dbs.ie/timetables/examtimetables with the datetime and location of the exam. Please check regularly in advance of an exam for any changes.



Do not download and save the timetable locally -it is important to check the live version in case of updates.

Please also remember to bring your student card to the examination with you .

Should you have any questions regarding the examinations around the exam timeplease email the exams office on exams@dbs.ie.

No Repeat for Honours

Students should be aware of the 'no repeat for honours' rule whereby failed modules at Award Stage will lead to awards being capped as a pass award. Programmes such as Special Purpose AwardsHigher CertificateHigher Diploma and Masters programmes are entirely Award-Stage and as such any failed module will result in capping of the award at 40%.

For any further queriesplease contact your Programme Coordinator or see the Quality Assurance Handbook. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

8.3 Repeat Exam Administration Fees

Repeat Exams will incur an administrative fee as per the Repeat Exam Administration Fees Policy (https://students.dbs.ie/docs/default-source/default-document-library/repeat-fees201811.pdf?sfvrsn=d43347d3\_0). Fees are payable in advance and are non-refundable.



SECTION 9 Appeals and Complaints

9.1 Appeals

All learners are entitled to appeal the decision of a lower level decision-making body to a higher one. Examples of decisions that may be appealed include an assessment decisiona decision of the Academic Impropriety Committeea decision of the Disciplinary Committee and a decision to withdraw  a  learner  from  a  programme.  For  full  information  on  the  appeals  and  complaints process please follow this link to the relevant section of the QAH Part B Section 3: Appeals and Complaints .

9.2 Complaints

The DBS Complaints Policy outlines a series of steps required to resolve complaints or issues to the  mutual  satisfaction of the  complainant  and the  individual service or  department  against which the complaint is being made. DBS commits to timelytransparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework. Please refer to the QAH Part B Section 3: Appeals and Complaints for full details.

The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.



SECTION 10 Classification of Award

The award class of the degree is calculated on the credit-weighted mean value of the grades that contribute to the award. DBS applies a percentage grading system. Full details on award classifications can be found in the QAH Part B Section 6: Examination Boards and Awards Classifications . The QAH can be found on the DBS website here:

https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

No Repeat for Honours

As abovestudents should be aware of the 'no repeat for honours' rule whereby failed modules at Award Stage will lead to awards being capped as a pass award. Programmes such as Special Purpose AwardsHigher CertificateHigher Diploma and Masters programmes are entirely Award-Stage and as such any failed module will result in capping of the award at 40%.



SECTION 11 Protection of Enrolled Learners (PEL)

For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012(Protection of Enrolled Learnersor PEL)DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Eventthe Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.

if a Trigger Event occurs, Under the PEL provision, Kaplan, Inc. refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers


Trigger Event means:

Where DBS does not provide the programme for any reason including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBSand/or,
where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reasonincluding by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBSand/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7)section 47or section 59(7) of the Act.

Moneys Most Recently Paid:  the  moneys  most  recently  paid  to  DBS  by or  on  behalf  of an Enrolled Learner in respect of a programme for:

if DBS ceases to provide a programme before completion the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7)section 47or section 59(7) of the Act
Tuition fees;
Registration fees;
Examination fees;
Library fees;
Student services feesand
Any other fees which relate to the provision of educationtraining and related services.

Payer: the person who paid the moneys most recently paid.

In  the  event  that  the  programme(s)  cease  prior  to  completion the  General  Counsel  International for Kaplan International Colleges will be responsible for initiating the drawing down of the guaranteed amounts and ensuring that such amounts are distributed to learners or payersin  accordance  with  Section  65  (4)  (b)  of  the  Act.  Contact  details  for  the  General  Counsel  International are as follows:

Email: general.counsel@kaplaninternational.com Address: Kaplan Legal Department Palace House3 Cathedral Street London SE1 9DE



SECTION 12 Conclusion

We hope you have found the DBS College Handbook helpful.

If you have any queriesplease contact your Academic DirectorProgramme Coordinator or Module Leader. If you need to avail of any of the range of DBS servicesplease consult the DBS student website for the correct up to date contact details or forms suitable for your needs: https://students.dbs.ie/.

Enjoy your time at DBS!



DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES 

PROFESSIONALPROGRAMMES                                                             €6,000 for papers SBL,SBR,P4&P7      

ACCA(Professional stage only Part 3)                                                                                
HIGHER CERTIFICATES-LEVEL6                                                                                             
Higher Certificate in Arts                                                         2 Academic Years €10,050 perannum    
ORDINARY BACHELOR DEGREES-LEVEL7                                                                                        
All Ordinary Bachelor Degree Programmes (Refer to DBSFull-Time Undergraduate Brochure) 3 Academic Years €10,050 perannum    
HONOURS BACHEL OR DEGREES-LEVEL8                                                                                         
All Honours Bachelor Degree Programmes (Refer to DBSFull-Time Undergraduate Brochure)  3 or 4 Academic Years €10,050 perannum 
HIGHER DIPLOMAS-LEVEL8                                                                                                 
All Higher Diplomas                                                                1 Academic Year €10,050 perannum     
Higher Diploma in Psychology                                                       2 Academic Years €10,050 perannum    





DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (NON-EU RESIDENTS)

MASTERS POST GRADUATE DEGREES-LEVEL9                       Duration      Fees             
-----------
MastersDegreeProgrammes(RefertoDBSPostgraduateBrochure) 1 Academic Year €13,500 perannum 
Except for:                                                                            
Master of Science (MSc) Digital Marketing andAnalytics  1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) FinTech                         1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Data Analytics                  1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Business Analytics              1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Cybersecurity                   1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Artificial Intelligence         1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Financial Analytics             1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) in Trading andInvesting         1 Academic Year €14,500 perannum 

IF APPLYING FROM OUTSIDE IRELANDTHE FOLLOWING FEES APPLY:

Fees

Accommodation      Price uponapplication                                                                                                                    
-----------------------------------
Medical Insurance* Seefollowing link: https://www.dbs.ie/international-students/internationalnon-eu-students/medical-insurance-for-international-students 

*    All non-EEA students are required to have private medical insurance when coming to and residing in Ireland for the purpose of study. The private medical insurance should provide cover for accident and/or disease and should cover the student for any period of hospitalisation. Please note this is the responsibility of the student. To purchase medical insurance online please see www.studyandprotect.com

These fees are inclusive of:

Tuition registration assessment and the protection of enrolled learners. It is expected that the fee for the protection of enrolled learners will increase in 2025.
International Student services which includes homestay accommodation searchorientation programme and ongoing support services for overseas students.
Registration & exam support to the awarding and external examining bodies (apart from ACCA Registration fees).
All photocopied materials provided by lecturers (cost of textbooks is not included).

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS



DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (NON-EU RESIDENTS)

This leaflet gives details of tuition fees for full-time courses at Dublin Business School (DBS) for International (Non-EU) students (i.e. students who are nationals of countries outside the European Union or European Economic Area).

PAYMENT OF FEES

NOTES

Tuition fees are payable in Euro. The tuition fee must be paid as per the terms of the letter of offer. Students must pay the first year full tuition fee prior to course commencement (this is required in order for the student to be granted a visa or an extension of permission to reside in Ireland). Dublin Business School must receive the full amount as shown on the invoices for feesrents and all other expenses. Any bank charges must therefore be paid by the person making the payment the Remitter.

The management and administration of applications from international students applying via an agent is undertaken by DBS Services (a DBS subsidiary company). If you are an international student applying via an agentby proceeding with an application to DBSyou agree that DBS Services will retain a fee for administration services relating to course application forms and/or visa applications carried out for you by student recruitment agents on behalf of DBS Services. This fee is only applicable in the event your application is successful and will be retained from your total fees payable. Further details are set out in our Terms & Conditions found at www.dbs.ie/terms-and-conditions .

PAYMENT METHODS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS COMING THROUGH AGENTS

Dublin Business School accepts payments through a variety of payment methodsincluding bank transferscredit/debit cardse-wallets and morethrough Dublin Business School's Payment Portalpowered by our official payment partnerFlywire. This portal allows you to save on bank fees and exchange ratestrack your payment online from start to finishmake payments in over 140 currenciesand have access to 24/7 multilingual customer support. For students who are coming through an agencyfees must be paid through Flywire.

SCHOLARSHIPS AND DISCOUNTS

Dublin Business School offers a range of scholarships and discounts. Please contact international@dbs.ie for further information.

Please note only one scholarship or discount scheme is applicable per annum per student.

Course fees are quoted for the academic year 2024/2025 only. Course fees for subsequent academic years may be subject to price increases.
Students who fail examinations and have to repeat are required to pay tuition fees.
For students that repeat exams and/or dissertationsthe fees can be found via the following link: students.dbs.ie/exams-office/ repeat-assignments

Tuition fees are non-refundable. However:

For International Students resident overseas fees will only be refunded if the visa application has been refused as outlined in the DBS Terms and Conditions section 5.7 on www.dbs.ie
For International Students already resident in Irelandfees will not be refunded under any circumstances after commencement of the course. Where a visa is required to be renewed during the DBS programme of study it is the responsibility of the student to check with the relevant authorities that the renewal application will be approved.
Course commencement and start dates are subject to student numbers.
All students for whom English is not a first language will be required to sit an English language test prior to commencement of their course. Students whose level of English does not meet the required standard will be redirected to an English language programme appropriate to their English language standard. Tuition fees for this additional English language tuition will be charged to the student. Upon successful completion of exams students may be allowed to commence their original first choice programmesubject to availability.

Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any modulesprogrammescourses or details described on its websitebrochures or other printed material. While every effort has been made to ensure that all information is correctthe College is not liable for any errors or omissions.

All programmes are run subject to demand.

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS

QUALITY ASSURANCE HANDBOOK

2024 Edition -Part B

Section 3: Learner ConductAppeals & Complaints

1 

P a g e



2024

Learner ConductAppeals and Complaints

As per the Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines it is important that the learning environment provided:

Respects and attends to the diversity of learners and their needsenabling flexible learning pathways

[...]

Encourages a sense of autonomy in the learnerwhile encouraging adequate guidance and support for the learner
Promotes mutual respect within the learner-teacher relationship
Has procedures for dealing with learner complaints
Has procedures for dealing with learner appeals

QQI (2016) 1

This section of the Quality Assurance Handbook lays out firstly the expectations for and of our learnersas well as the policies and procedures for dealing with issues such as complaints and appeals.

This includes:

The Learner Charter and Code of Conduct -what you can expect of DBSand what DBS expects of you as a learner
Academic Impropriety (AI) Policy
The Disciplinary Policy
Appeals -what to do if you wish to appeal an academic outcome such as the grade of an assessment
Complaints -what to do if you have an issue relating to facilitiessupports providedprogramme deliverya (fellow) learner on a study programme or a member of staff.
Cameras On Policy -for online learning.

1 QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines Section 2.5.2'Teaching and Learning' https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf .

3.1 The DBS Learner Charter

The Learner Charter aims to make learners aware of what they can expect of DBS and outlines what DBS can expect from learners.

3.1.1 Why a Learner Charter?

DBS has around 9000 active learners enrolled on programmes. We want the learner experience for all our learners to be a positive one. We recognise that our learners are part of a community of learningand that we have obligations to fulfil towards our learnersand that learners likewise have responsibilitiesto themselvesto their fellow learners and to the College. The Learner Charter therefore aims to set out what we see as the key areas that help to foster a supportiveconstructive and positive learning environment. This Charterhoweverlike our Quality Assurance Handbook is a 'living document' we want to respond to issues as they arise. So if there is something you think is missingwe are happy to hear about it. Your suggestions can be made in writing to the Quality Assurance Officer via quality@dbs.ie .

3.1.2 The DBS Learner Charter

Being inspired and nurtured to realise their career ambitionslearners will:

1. Be welcomed into a supportive collaborative environmentwhere faculty will drive engagement to meet the challenges of learning and becoming workready graduates.
2. Be guided by trained faculty who are knowledgeable and experienced in their areawill meet their deadlines and honour their commitmentsparticularly with regularinformative and timely feedback.
3. Experience a forward-thinking learning environmentwith current accessible content that reflects today's workplace challenges and that is innovative in its application and use of educational technology.
4. Have multiple opportunities to further their holistic development through DBS organised activities and forums in addition to Learning Teaching and assessment.
5. Be supported in their career planning and progression into the workplace.
6. Be treated with respectdignity and professionalism by DBS staff at all times in a safe environment where diversity is embraced.
7. Be listened to and heard and become genuine partners in decisions that affect the student body.
8. Be communicated with promptly and accuratelyusing an appropriate mediumwith regard to information central to their studiessuch as timetablesformspolicies and procedures.
9. Be made aware ofand have supported access tosuitable resources and technologies to further their learning.
10. Be made aware of the importance of academic integrity and be guided and supported in following the rules and regulations for academic integrity as outlined in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook.

Being proactive and participatorylearners will:

1. Attend classeslectures and other academic activities related to your programme of study and actively engage with/in the content/activity.
2. Take responsibility for learning and proactively manage the learning experienceincluding attending classsubmitting assessments in accordance with deadlines and engaging with learners and lecturers.
3. Be open to the challenges of learning in a forward-thinking learning environment that reflects today's workplace.
4. Embrace and develop opportunities for further holistic development outside the academic curriculum.
5. Actively engage with career planning and workplace progression initiatives.
6. Behave in a courteous and professional manner towards other learners and staff at all times.
7. Help drive and participate in activities that allow learners to become partners in decisions that impact the learning experience and the student body.
8. Proactively ensure awareness ofand action when appropriatekey moduleprogramme and college information such as deadlinesand to regularly monitor your College communications.
9. Use College facilities and technologies in an appropriate manner and with respect for other users.
10. Respect and comply with the rules of academic integrity as set out in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbookincluding those that relate to plagiarismcopyrightcheating and collusionamong others.

3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B

3.2.1 Policy Overview

Each learner at DBS is required to comply with the College's Code of Conduct. The purpose of the DBS Learner Code of Conduct is to ensure that an appropriate academic environmentin which mutual respect for all College stafflearnersvisitors and guests is promoted. The Code requires reasonable behaviour and consideration for others and is intended to assist learners in spending a fulfilling and rewarding time at the College. This policy sets out DBS ' s expectations regarding learner implementation of the policy.

The Code of Conduct is intended to set and maintain acceptable standards of behaviour within the College communityto encourage individuals to accept their obligations and to maintain the College's good standing. The Code applies to all learners regardless of their study locationincluding

2 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

3 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

the online learning environment. In the case of learners undertaking a programme that is a collaboration between DBS and other partiesthis Code shall apply except where a specific alternative is identified.

This Code is not intended to be an exhaustive document. Other regulations concerning expected norms of behaviour and communication are documented throughout the College Quality Assurance Handbook .

The enforcement of the Code is a shared responsibility. The Disciplinary Committee is called to review cases of suspected or alleged breaches of this code. It is the responsibility of each learner in DBS to adequately familiarise themselves with this policy and the other rules and regulations that may be specific to their chosen programme of study. Ignorance of the code does not constitute adequate defenceshould a learner be found to be in breach of the Code.

3.2.2 Policy Statement: DBS Student Code of Conduct

1. Commitment to the Code of Conduct

In registering for a programme of study at DBS all learners are accepting the Code of Conduct and agreeing to adhere to the requirements and expectations identified within it.

2. General Behaviour

All learners are expected to conduct themselves in an appropriate and respectful manner in their interactions withand on behalf ofDBS. Learners must not engage in any activity that may negatively impact upon the name of the Collegeits staff or its learners.
Learners are expected to conduct themselves legallyethically and responsibly in all interactions and communicationsincluding interactions through technology and social mediawithin and outside their programme of study.
All communications and interactions with the College or any of its stakeholdersand on behalf of the College as a DBS learnerare expected to be conducted in a respectful manner based upon dignityequality and inclusion.
Any act or omission that affects adversely the rights of any other member of the College communityincluding partners or external stakeholdersor that disrupts the conduct of any College activitywill be considered a breach of the Code of Conductand may be subject to disciplinary proceedings.

3. Satisfaction of College and Programme Requirements and Regulations

Learners take personal responsibility for their studies and their progression through their chosen programme of study and for the consequences and implications of their actions and inactions in this regard.
Learners are required to attend scheduled classes punctually.
o Note that this meansas a ruleprompt arrival for the beginning of classon or before the hour. Late arrival is extremely disruptive to other students and the lecturer. Learners arriving late to on-site classes will not be able to tag in and will need to speak to their lecturers to have attendance recorded. Likewiselearners arriving late to online classes will not have their attendance counted.
Learners must conduct themselves in an appropriate manner throughout the class. This includes:
o Engaging with the lecturer and other learners.
o Taking partbut not interrupting the lecturer or other learners.
o Minimising use of electronic devices such as mobile phones except for direct interaction as directed by the lecturer as part of the class.
Learners are responsible for the accurate and honest recording of their attendance. Any attempt to falsify attendance records is considered fraudulent and will be subject to disciplinary proceedings.
Learners are required to maintain communication with DBS in all instances where they are unable to attend or engage with their studies. Failure to do so may impact o n a learner's enrolment status.
It is the responsibility of each learner to familiarise themselves with the regulationspolicies and procedures of DBSincluding assessment regulations governing their programmeand any implications that failure to comply or adhere to specifics outlined within same may have on their enrolment status and potential entitlement to an award.
Each learner is required to produce their Student ID Card upon request by any member of DBS staff.

4. In-Class Conduct

Learners are required to adhere to the reasonable and lawful instruction of DBS staff during class and whilst on DBS premises.

Where any learner disrupts a class or acts in a manner that fails to display dignity and respect to othersincluding by failing to follow the instructions of DBS staffthe staff member is within their rights to ask the learner to withdraw from the particular class activity and to report the learner for a breach of this code.
No learner may record sound or video in a teaching situation (such asbut not limited tolecturesseminarstutorials or labs) without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners. Only in cases where there are personal mitigating circumstances (PMCs) will requests of this nature be considered. These requests must be made prior to any recordingand academic staff members have the right to refuse where other mechanisms to support the learner can be accommodated.

5. Use of Social Media and Technology

DBS encourages learners to engage in groups and societies and establish informal networksincluding through the use of social media and technologyto promote the development and enhancement of the learner community. Participationwhilst often informal and social in naturemust be appropriateinoffensive and respectful at all times. Learners are required to be mindful of their language and the material they choose to share.
Content owned byor including personal information ofother peopleincluding textaudiophotos or videoshould never be shared without their consent.
Refer to Part B Section 3.2.7 for the full Online Code of Conduct.

6. Dealings with Staff

Learners are required to be respectful in their dealings with staff at all times through all media (in-persononlineon the phone). Rude or aggressive behaviour will not be tolerated. Staff are entitled to end an interaction if a learner's behaviour is deemed to be inappropriate in tone or content. In such a circumstancea formal note of the incident will be escalated to the relevant line manager and follow up action taken as requiredwhich may involve disciplinary action.
Likewisestaff are required to remain courteous and respectful in all interactions with learners.

7. PremisesProperty and Staff Associated with DBS or its Programmes

Learners are required to respect the staffpremisesproperty and fellow learners of DBS and any associated venue or partnerincluding local residents and businesses.
Learners who undertake part of their studies in locations outside of DBS are required to familiarise themselves with any specific codes of behaviour or conduct belonging to those locations and adhere to them during their time there.

Where the College is notified of an allegation of a breach of a Code of Conduct belonging to another location associated with the completion of a DBS programme of study or an official DBS event or activitythe learner can be subject to DBS disciplinary proceedings. Any student of DBS who engages in activity outside of the College or formal College events and which could bring the good name of the College into disrepute may also be subject to disciplinary proceedings.

3.2.3 Enforcement

For the purpose of enforcing this CodeDBS is entitled but not obliged to investigate any allegation of misconduct andfollowing appropriate disciplinary proceduresmay impose a penalty or sanction where the allegation is upheld.

Any breach of this Code is normally considered a breach of discipline and will be considered under the Disciplinary Procedure. A range of penalties can be applied up to and including the requirement for the learner to withdraw from their programme and/or the College with no entitlement to a refund.

3.2.4 Rights of DBS

DBS reserves the right for any member of staff to request and to retain the student card of any individual learnerwhere a conduct breach is alleged.

DBS reserves the right to suspend a learner from their programme of studies and suspend their access to any DBS facilities and resources pending an investigation into any allegation of a breach of the Code of Conduct.

Where it is deemed appropriate in order to guarantee the continued smooth running of an affected programme of studythe College reserves the right to request that a learner agree to an independent assessment by a relevant professionalfor examplewhere the healthsafety or wellbeing of others is deemed to be at risk.  A failure to comply with this request may result in the learner not being permitted to continue with their programme of study.

The College reserves the right to refuse to provide a reference for the purpose of professional registrationemployment or further study for any learner who has breached the Code of Conduct.

The provisions of this Code are without prejudice to the legal rights of learners. Howeverwhere DBS deems it appropriate or necessaryDBS reserves the right to notify the Gardai of any allegation of a crime having been committed or other such threat of a crime.

3.2.5 Major Offences

Major Offences under the Code of Conduct includebut are not limited to:

Academic Improprietyincluding but not limited to plagiarism.
Activities by a learner or learners outside of the College that are suspected to involve collusion with another learner or entity with respect to the production of any assessment material i.e. essay millsghost writingetc.
o Learners should note legislation in Ireland introduced through an amendment to the Education Act in 2019 which prohibits the provision of cheating services.
Furnishing false information to the College with intent to deceive.
Forgeryalteration or misuse of College documentsrecords or student identity cards. This includesbut is not limited toattendance recordsreference lettersregistration status letterscertificatesassessment results and transcriptsetc.
Behaviours such as physicalverbal or written harassmentsexual harassmentintimidationbullying or abuse of any learner or member of staff of the College. DBS has a zero-tolerance policy and any such behaviour.
Malicious or Bad Faith allegations against another learnerfaculty or staffor other College stakeholder.
,nauthorised accessing of restricted College facilitiessystemsaccounts or documents.
Malicious destructiondamage or misuse of College propertyincluding Library materials and computer equipmentor of private property on the campus.
,nwarranted interference with College's safety equipmentfire -fighting equipment and alarm systems or failure to observe fire drill procedures.
Abuse of alcoholillegal or prescription drugs on the campusat College events held externallyor on the premises of any DBS partner organisation.
Misuse or appropriation of College facilities or servicesfor illegal usecommercial ends or activities which are in conflict with the College's core businessvisionmissionpurpose and values.
Forcible occupation of College buildings.
Activities by a learner or learners outside of the College while engaged in work experienceplacementco-curricular eventsvolunteer placementstudy toursassignments organised by the College or while representing the Collegeits Clubs or Societieswhich would breach the regulations of the College which apply on campus.
Incitement or encouragement of any other person or persons to do any of the above.
Criminal Offences (including theft) will be referred to the Gardai.

Penalties for Major Offences

Where a learner is found to have committed any of the offences outlined abovethe Disciplinary Committee has the authority to impose penaltieseither separately or in combinationthat may includebut would not be limited tothe following:

Expulsion from the College.
Suspension from the College for a stated periodor until such time as any requirements laid down by the Committeesuch as payment of a fine or the restitution of damage or lossare fulfilled.
Exclusion from specific College facilities.
Disbarment from examinations for a specific period.
A fine not exceeding 50% of the annual full-time fee of the course being undertaken.
In the case of the offence of Academic Improprietya range of penalties may be appliedup to and including dismissal from the College with no right of returnas outlined in the DBS Academic Impropriety PolicyQAH Part B Section 3.3.
An order for reparation of any damage or loss caused to the College or any of its staff or learner members or members of the public.
Refusal or withholding of the award of a degreediplomacertificateprize or other academic title/award.

3.2.6 Minor Offences

Minor Offences includebut are not limited to:

Littering
Disorderly/ disruptive conduct
Causing minor damage to College property or private property on the campus
Being in restricted access areas without permission
Failing to produce proof of identity upon request
Conduct which disrupts or is likely to disrupt lecturesresearchstudyexaminationsuse of College facilities or the administration of the College
Conduct which obstructs or is likely to obstruct a member of staff of the Collegeor a person authorised by the College to carry out specific tasksin the performance of his or her duties.

Penalties for Minor Offences

Where a learner is found to have committed any of the offences outlined abovethese may be dealt with informally initially if deemed to be sufficiently minor in nature and agreement is reached with the learner concerned to address the issue and prevent recurrence.  Serious or repeat offences will be dealt with through the formal disciplinary process. Any or all of the following penalties may be imposed:

A reprimand from the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or other authorised College official and/or a note on the learner's record.
An order for the reparation of any damage or loss caused to the College or to any members of staff or learners or members of the public.
The imposition of a fine up to a maximum of 50% of the annual full-time fee of the programme being undertaken.
Other penalties in accordance with the nature of the offence.

3.2.7 Online Code of Conduct

1. DBS considers all online delivery platforms to equate with the on-campus classroom in terms of learner engagement and behaviours. The Learner Charter and Learner Code of Conduct apply in all cases.
2. All online interaction must comply with data protection laws.
3. All online interaction must be conducted in a professional and courteous manner at all times.
4. Only approved College platforms should be used for online interaction (DBS e-mailMoodleZoom).
5. It is not permitted to record sound or video in a teaching situation (such asbut not limited tolecturesseminarstutorials or labs) without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners.
6. Other people's contentincluding textaudiophotos or video should never be shared without their consent.
7. Content featuring other people should not be shared without their consent.
8. All DBS lecture and teaching content is DBS IP and must not be shared with third parties.
9. College platforms should only be used for activities related to learning and teaching/academics or other College activitiesand must not be utilised for illegal or commercial pursuitsand personal usage must be within reasonable limits and in accordance with the Learner Acceptable Usage Policy for Facilities and Services.

Online Behaviours:

Learners are required to adhere to the following:

Learners should arrive promptly to online classes.
Learners should ensure they attend online classes from an appropriate environment.
Cameras should be switched on in online classes where possibleto increase and demonstrate engagement with peers (See DBS QAH Part B Section 3.7 Cameras On Policy ).
Microphones should be muted in online classes when not speaking.
It is not permitted for learners to record sound or video in a teaching situation without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners.
E-mails should always be sent from College e-mail accounts to College e-mail accounts.
Online study groupseven amongst friendsshould remain a professional environment.
E-mailsposts and discussions in online fora should be properly writtenpunctuated and spell-checked. Sources should be referenced if applicable.
Communications should be relevant.
Information about or belonging to another person (including personal identifying informationsocial media postsphotosvideos etc.) must never be shared without explicit prior consent.
Social media groups used to study must not be used to air personal political or religious views or to discuss sensitive topics that are not germane to the area of study.
o It is recognised that within specific disciplines sensitive issues may be relevant to academic or professional discussions. Nonethelessdiscussions should not become overly personal.

Where a learner does not comply with any of the abovelecturers/staff are within their rights to end the interaction with the learner.

3.2.8 Right of Appeal

A learner may appeal the outcome of the Disciplinary Committee and/or a penalty imposed. See DBS Learner Disciplinary Policy for full details. The Disciplinary Policy can be located in Part B Section 3.4 below.

3.3 Academic Integrity Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B



Document Name                          Academic Integrity Policy (formerly Academic Impropriety Policy)                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 011                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Version Reference                      v2.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Document Owner                         Exams Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      Registrar and Director of Campus OperationsQA OfficerHeads of Department                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 9Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmesProfessional ProgrammesKaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ)                                                                                                                                                
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Approval date                          23/07/19v2.1 07/12/2021v2.2 19/04/2022v2.3 02/03/2023v2.4 05/12/2024                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revision History/ Amalgamation History 05/12/2024 Addition of Assessment Invalidation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
References/ Supporting Documentation   • ENQA (2015) Standards and Guidelines for Quality Assurance in the European Higher Education Area Standard 1.3. 'Student -Centred Learning Teaching and Assessment'. 4 • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines Section 2.6' Assessment of Learners ' . 5 

3.3.1 Policy Overview

Academic Integrity is defined as ' the commitment toand demonstration ofhonest and moral behaviour in an academic setting ' (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Writing Center)and involves ' compliance with ethical and professional principlesstandardspractices and consistent systems of valuesthat serves as guidance for making decisions and taking actions in educationresearch and scholarship ' (ENAI). The College is committed to the principles of academic integrityand engages with the National Academic Integrity Network (NAIN) in strategies to support academic integrity and reduce academic impropriety.). This applies to all learnersfaculty and staff of the College. Academic Impropriety is the breaching of the principles and regulations around Academic Integrity.

4 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

5 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

DBS aim to promote academic integrity through supporting learners in developing academic writing and research skills. All learners are informed of the expectations of DBS in relation to academic work submitted for assessment and are provided with access to services to support the development of appropriate academic writing and research skills.

This policy details the formal mechanisms that DBS utilises when managing suspected cases of Academic Impropriety.

3.3.2 Policy Statement

' Academic Impropriety' includes cheatingplagiarismforgerycollusion or any attemptwhether successful or otherwiseto gain an unfair advantage in the examination or assessment process.

Learners are advised that DBS takes cases of Academic Impropriety very seriously and will apply penalties up to and including expulsion from the College with no right to return nor to a monetary refund. This policy applies to all programmes offered by DBS. The College reserves the right to review any grade or assessment where evidence emerges requiring investigation for improprietyup to and including grades ratified by an Examination Board or where an award has been conferred. Retroactive action may be ta ken where evidence relating to an individual learner's conduct is brought to light or where an officially sanctioned audit identifies anomalies or concerns across a cohort or cohorts. In severe casesthis may lead to removal of an award from a learner or learners.

Howevermalicious or speculative reports will not be entertained by the College.

DBS reserves the right to protect its reputation as an academic institution and will defend any legal challenge to its implementation of this policy and the outcomes of deliberations relating to Academic Impropriety.

Internal Examiners should be aware that poor academic conduct or academic impoverishment is not to be confused with impropriety. Instances of academic impoverishment should be addressed through marking accordingly and providing the appropriate feedback to assist academic development. Cases of suspected Academic Improprietyi.e. the intention to secure an unfair advantage through dishonest academic practice in the assessment processshould be addressed through the Academic Impropriety procedure. A number of examples of Academic Impropriety are detailed belowand in the accompanying appendix (Appendix B.3.3.2).

DBS encourages communities of learningthe creation of learning partnershipsand authorised collaboration in assessment. Howeverall assessment tasks are to be entirely the work of the individual submitting it unless stated otherwise. Any assessments found to contain work the same asor similar tothat of another learnerpast or presentwill be considered to be the product of

cheating or collusionand therefore of Academic Improprietyand penalties for Academic Impropriety will be applied as appropriate.

DBS believes there is no justification for impropriety and claims of stressfinancial pressureill health or other such instances will not be accepted as justification for Academic Impropriety. Equallylack of knowledge is not considered a suitable defence. Any learner who believes they are subject to pressure that is impacting their studies and their ability to satisfy assessment requirements is advised to consult Student Servicesthe Academic Director or module lecturer and request appropriate supports or information on the options available to them.

In order to deter learners from considering Academic Impropriety as a low-risk option in cases where they consider their failure to be likelythe Academic Impropriety Committeewhen dealing with any such case brought before itwill ensure that any penalty is more significant than having made an honest attempt at assessment and failed.

Should Academic Impropriety be suspectedthe learner or learners concerned will be notified of the action(s) to be taken and the potential penalties that may be applied.

3.3.3 Examples of Academic Impropriety

Academic Impropriety is broadly defined as the intention to secure an unfair advantage through dishonest academic practice in the assessment process. Examples are given belowbut this list is not exhaustiveand where any case of alleged or suspected dishonest practice to gain unfair advantage is brought to the College's attentionthe procedure for Academic Impropriety will apply . A full lexiconin alignment with the National Academic Integrity Network lexiconis available in Appendix B.3.3.2 .

An investigation of suspected Academic Impropriety and the procedure outlined below can commence regardless of whether or not the specific occurrence of suspected Academic Impropriety is specifically included as an example in this policy.



Cheating

Examples of cheating include but are not restricted to:

Communication with a third party or copying from any other source during an examination/assessment.
,se of a third party for the completion or partial completion of an assessment e.g. friendfamily memberessay writing serviceor artificial intelligence software.
Introducing any form of written or other material into a closed book examination (including that stored electronically) other than that specified on an examination paper.
,se of a mobile phone or any unauthorised electronic device during an assessment or examination.
Forgeryalteration or misuse of College documentsrecords or identity cards.
Submission of false claims of prior qualification(s)research or experience in order to gain credit for prior learning.

Plagiarism

Plagiarism is defined as the presentation of workwritten or otherwiseof any other person or sourceincluding another learneror institutionthird party such as a friend or family memberor artificial intelligence software as the candidate's own. Plagiarism includes but is not restricted to:

Verbatim copying of another's work without clear identification and acknowledgement.
P araphrasing of another's work by simply changing a few words or altering the order of presentation without clear identification and acknowledgement.

,nidentified /unacknowledged presentation of another's concept as one's own.

Self-Plagiarism

Academic Impropriety also includes self-plagiarism where a learner uses work previously submitted for another assessment or publicationwhether at a previous or the current institutionand repurposes it in another assignment. While it is legitimate to draw on and develop ideas that may be covered elsewhereit is not acceptable to re-submit a piece of work for assessment twiceand this includes blocks of text within a piece of work (unless this is specifically provided for in the special regulations of a module).  Where previous work completed can be citedreferences must be applied as appropriate.

Collusion

Collusion is defined as: the conscious collaborationwithout official approvalbetween two or more learners in the preparation and production of work which is ultimately submitted by each in an identical or substantially similar form and/or is represented by each to be the product of his or her individual efforts. Collusion also occurs where there is co-operation between a learner and an external third party in the preparation and production of workwhich is presented as the learner's own.

Purchased Assignments/Essay Mills/Ghost Writing

The use of purchased material from online 'essay mills'whether purchased by the learner or otherwiseis an intentional attempt by the learner to submit work that is not their own and will be dealt with severely.

It should be noted that Ireland has introduced a law to make the advertising and provision of cheating services illegal 6 . Learners who facilitate the access of such services to College systems or learner groups (for exampleproviding access to learner Whatsapp groups or sharing learner contact details with these external parties) are subject to this legislationand are in breach of data protection legislation and may be subject to the appropriate legal action.

Misattributed or Deliberately Misleading Referencing

The exercise of inserting apparently valid reference details in-text and in bibliographieswhere the content referenced either does not existor does not relate to the matter being supported or bear

6 Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) (Amendment) Act 2019: http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/2019/act/32/section/15/enacted/en/html#sec15

any relation  to  the  argument or  evidence  being claimed.  This  is  considered  a deliberate  intent  to mislead examiners and subvert the academic review process.

Deliberate Manipulation of Submissions to Avoid Detection by Text-Matching Software

The manipulation of text to evade detection by text-matching softwaresuch as re-wording sentences from a sourceemploying translation software to change the source material to another language and back  into  English or  inserting  disguised  characters  (such  as  characters  coloured  to  match  the background) or special characterssuch that text-matching software is hindered in completing an accurate analysis.

The Unauthorised Submission of College Material to External File Sharing Sites

The  provision  of  College  material such  as  Assessment  Briefs lecture  material or  completed assessments to  an  external  file  sharing  site  (for  example CourseHero  or  StudyDrive).  This  action breaches both academic integrity principlesand the intellectual property rights of the College and staff.

The following practices may be considered as constituting Academic Impropriety if excessive and repeated  instances  are  identified.  Initial  instances  may  be  considered  as  the  result  of  poor  or inadequate  academic  development  or  as  academic  impoverishment and  should  be  addressed through learner supportssuch as the Library's support classes.

Excessive-Quoting

It is important that any body of work comprises significant analysis by the learner. Thereforeit is not appropriate for an essay to consist of large numbers of referenced quotations from other sources without suitable discussion and analysis.

Excessive Paraphrasing/Re-wording

It is not sufficient to merely reword/paraphrase content. Ideas and concepts must be reframedand insights provided. Deliberate plagiarismincluding changing words to disguise a sourceis a serious offence. Re-wording in this way generally results in disjointed or inelegant prose which is easily identified by markers.

3.3.4 Support Available to Avoid Academic Impoverishment or Impropriety

The College commits to supporting learners to avoid poor academic practice or misconductand believes that prevention and deterrence are more beneficial approaches to simple penalisation where misconduct is identified.

Learners are encouraged to engage with the support services and functions available across the College to avoid accidentally breaching academic integrity principles or requirements. These services include:

Classes and resources hosted by the Library on information literacy and referencing;
Sessions hosted by the Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU) on academic writing skills;
Resources made available to learners through Inductionon the websiteand through scheduled classes with lecturers to identify academic integrity principles and practices.

A tool in effect by the College is a text-matching softwareOuriginal (formerly Urkund).

It is important for both learners and lecturers to note that text comparison software such as Ouriginal (Urkund) is only an indicative tool. Properly referenced quotations and bibliographies will be identified by the softwareand the software may not identify all sources/resources. Thereforethere is no absolute percentage of similarity that is 'acceptable'. A high percentage of matching text is obviously a flag that Academic Impropriety may have occurredbut a single paragraph that is completely plagiarised is as unacceptable as a larger piece of writing. Percentages may be lower than ordinarily expected where quotations and references are included in a submissionand unusually low percentage matches should be investigated as closely as higher percentag es. It is the learner's responsibility to ensure assessments are their own workand lecturers' responsibility to assess this:

Learners and lecturers should not rely on the Ouriginal (Urkund) similarity percentage to assess 'acceptability' of an assignment.
Examiners/lecturers may not submit cases of suspected Academic Impropriety based on Ouriginal (Urkund) percentage alone where this has not been properly interrogated.

3.3.5 Initial Action in Instances of Suspected Academic Impropriety

Suspected cases of cheatingcollusion and plagiarism will be notified to the Examinations Teamthe Exams Manager and QA Officer.

In cases where insufficient evidence is presented the case will not be progressed at that time. Where sufficient evidence is presented that Academic Impropriety may have taken placethe QA Officer or their nominee will convene the Academic Impropriety Committee.

Where the Exams Manager and QA Officer deem that on the balance of probability that Academic Impoverishment has occurred rather than Academic Improprietythe learner will be referred to the DBS Library Service to complete a class on academic writing. Howevera formal record will be kept of the case should another incident occur.

3.3.6 Whistleblowing Suspicions of Academic Impropriety

A report of a suspicion of academic impropriety that does not derive from the examination or invigilation processesfor example from another current or previous learneris deemed to be a case of whistleblowing. This policy is not intended to be used where there are more appropriate policies and procedures available (refer to the Complaints and Disciplinary Policies).

Investigations of a report of a suspicion of academic impropriety cannot be undertaken where the report is made anonymously. Reports can be made with a request for confidentiality where there is a concern for the possibility of reprisals if the whistleblow er's identity is revealed. These requests will be raised to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or their nominee to consider whether the report can be appropriately considered and investigated 'anonymously'.

Where reports are made that are maliciousvexatiousor motivated by personal gainthese will be liable for disciplinary action. Reports made by an essay-writing service will be escalated to the appropriate authorities to pursue the relevant legislative action against these illegal services.

Reports should be made formally in writingwith any available supporting evidenceto dbsacademicintegrity@dbs.ie . Within data protection regulationsindividuals submitting a report will not be advised of the outcome of any investigation or any detail regarding another learner or graduate's personal or academic record.

Where suspicions are brought to the College's attention outside of the examination or invigilation processesthe due diligence checks may include any of the following:

Comparing grade profiles to identify discrepancies;
Comparing samples of previously submitted work against the submissions in review;
Reviewing submission files for irregularities;
Additional checks as appropriate to the assessment(s) in review or the nature of the concern raised.

Where a report is corroborated with suitable evidence of a suspicionthe case may be escalated to the Academic Impropriety Committee or viva panel for review. Where there is no suitable evidence to corroborate a reportthe case will be closedand no for mal record left on the suspected learner's or graduate's record.

3.3.7 Suspected Academic Impropriety in Examinations

DBS reserves the right to require learners to attend a viva voce examination to verify their submission for any exam. Any learner found to be cheating in an online exam will be required to attend on campus for any future examinations.

3.3.7.1 On-site Examinations

Any member of staff who suspects Academic Impropriety during an assessment under examination conditions must report such suspicions immediately to the Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer or representative from the Examinations Team.

Upon being alerted to a possible infringementthe Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to approach the learner concerned and issue a verbal warning to desist with any behaviours and/or hand over any items such as notes or items not permitted in the exam hall (e.g. mobile phonedictionaryetc.).  Where necessarythe Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer may ask the learner to step outside the examination hall. This step is confined to situations where there may be disruption to other learners or where the situation cannot be dealt with within the exam hall. Should this be necessarya second invigilator or staff member should be present for this.

Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and thereforeafter the initial interventionthe learner will usually be permitted to continue with the examunless to do so it may cause disruption to other learnersand the examination script is submitted and marked as normal. The learner may be requested to remain in the exam venue at the end of the exam to discuss the incident with the invigilation teamand contribute to the Incident Report.

The Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to provide a written Incident Report to the Examinations Office following the exam.

The grade and feedback will not be released until such a time as the allegation has been investigated and an outcome determined.

3.3.7.2 Proctored Online Examinations

Refer also to DBS QAH Part B Section 5.10.7 Online Exams Policy

.

Where exams are deployed through a secure online proctoring environmentthe recorded screen and camera of the learner and their activities may be monitored to ensure adherence to the exam conditions of the assessment.

Any member of staff who suspects Academic Impropriety during an online assessment under examination conditions must report such suspicions immediately to the Lead

Invigilator/Examinations Officer or representative from the Examinations Team. Upon being alerted to a possible infringementthe Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to contact the learner concerned and issue a verbal warning to desist with any behaviours and/or remove any nonpermitted items from the vicinity. Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and thereforeafter the initial interventionthe learner will usually be permitted to continue with the examunless to do so it may cause disruption to other learnersand the examination script is submitted and marked as normal. At the end of the examination the Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

The Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to provide a written Incident Report to the Examinations Office following the exam. The learner concerned may be asked to attend a meeting online immediately following the exam in order to contribute to the Incident Report.

Where concerns arise following an examthe proctoring report and associate recordings may be accessed to assist in investigation. Where concerns about the integrity of an exam ariseDBS reserves the right to investigate through comparison of previous workviva voce examor other practiceas deemed appropriate to verify the integrity of the piece of assessment concerned.  The Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

3.3.7.3 Online Moodle Examinations (non-Proctored)

Refer also to DBS QAH Part B Section 5.10.7 Online Exams Policy

.

Where exams are conducted online via Moodle but without online proctoring institutedthey are considered to be effectively openbook exams. Learners' Moodle activity is monitored and any irregularities investigated. Exam timeslogins and cut-offs are strictly monitored to ensure no unfair advantage is gained by students. Where concerns about the integrity of an exam arisesDBS reserves the right to investigate through comparison of previous workviva voce examor other practiceas deemed appropriate to verify the integrity of the piece of assessment concerned.  The Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

3.3.8 Suspected Academic Impropriety in Grading of Learner Assessments

Any examiner/ assessor who suspects Academic Impropriety must report such suspicions to the Exams Manager or Quality Assurance Officer. In making such a report the examiner is required to provide:

A copy of the learner submission.
The mark sheet and feedback for the learner based on marking as normal.

Copies of all relevant evidence/documentation supporting the suspicionto include any source material and the Ouriginal (Urkund) report (where applicable).
A completed copy of the DBS Academic Impropriety Formgiving reasons for the suspicion. The link to the Academic Impropriety form can be located in the Additional Documents section of this policy.

This information should be provided as soon as the suspected Academic Impropriety is identifiedto allow for appropriate investigatory action and possible disciplinary proceedings in advance of the examinations and/or Examination Boards.

Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and therefore the assessment is marked as normal. The grade and feedback will not be released until such time as the allegation has been investigated and an outcome determined on the balance of probability.

Where suspicion arises due to a report from text comparison software (such as Ouriginal/ Urkund)the lecturer must first have reviewed and interpreted the report and made an informed judgement on whether or not it appears Academic Impropriety may have occurred .

It is important for both learners and lecturers to note that text comparison software such as Ouriginal (Urkund) is only an indicative tool. Properly referenced quotations and bibliographies will be identified by the softwareand the software may not identify all sources/resources. Thereforethere is no absolute percentage of similarity that is 'acceptable'. A high percentage is obviously of concernbut a single paragraph that is completely plagiarised is as unacceptable as a larger piece of writing. It is the learner's responsibility to ens ure assessments are their own workand lecturers ' responsibility to assess this:

Learners should not rely on the Ouriginal (Urkund) similarity percentage to assess 'acceptability' of an assignment.
Examiners/lecturers may not submit cases of suspected Academic Impropriety based on Ouriginal (Urkund) percentage alone where this has not been properly interrogated.

A learner or learners must be made aware of any suspicion and of any proceedings where a matter is being investigated. Notification should be in writing from the QA Officernormally via e-mail. The learner will be notified of their rights and provided with a link toor a copy ofthe policy and procedure along with any source material identified in cases of suspected plagiarism.

Each learner has a right to submit a statement of defence (a 'Written Submission')or make a request to attend the formal deliberating committee in respect of a case brought against them.

Learners attending a meeting are permitted to bring a friend or relative who is not a legal representative to the meeting to support them. Should a learner choose not to submit a defence or participate in the processthe Committee is authorised to proceed.

Learners are advised that the deliberating committee is required to determine ifon the balance of probabilityimpropriety occurred or not.

Where suspicion arises through the academic judgement and experience of the lecturer in reviewing the learner's submissionthe lecturer may request that a viva voce be held in place of a sitting of the Academic Impropriety Committee. The form of this viva will depend upon the nature of the assessmentsuch that a technical demonstration may be held for Computing assessments.

3.3.9 Cases referred for a viva voce

DBS reserves the right to carry out a viva voce examination for any summative assessment. A viva voce is an opportunity the learner to orally defend their submitted assessment. DBS may institute a viva voce examination in the case where clarification is required regarding some element or elements of the written piece of work. The scope of a viva examination can include:

Confirming to the satisfaction of the panel that the submission is the learner's own original work.
Verifying the authenticity of the research.
Establishing that the learner is aware of the wider research field related to their dissertation topic.
Demonstrating detailed understanding of the content of the written submission.

The panel has the authority to confirm a pass or fail markor a finding that Academic Impropriety has occurredbased upon the strength of the oral defence. In cases where a large disparity between a strong written submission and a poor oral defence occursthe panel may refer the case to the Disciplinary Committee with an accompanying report; the report will also be provided to the student in advance of the Disciplinary Committee hearing. The Disciplinary Committee will impose a penalty based on the severity of the case as detailed in the report provided by the panel. The Disciplinary Committee will not revisit the case itselfthe remit of the committee is to impose a minor or major penalty and provide that outcome to the student in a timely fashion.

3.3.10  Potential Outcomes (Cases referred to the Academic Impropriety Committee)

The Academic Impropriety Committee convenes several times throughout the academic year. The purpose of the committee is to assess if Academic Impropriety has occurred in cases put before it. In cases proven to constitute Academic Improprietythe Committee has the authority to impose an

appropriate penalty. The Committee membership comprises the QA Officermembers of academic facultylibrary staffand a learner-support representative. The quorum is four.

Penalties

The Academic Impropriety Committee has the authority to impose any or all of the following penalties:

A mark of 0% applied alongside the requirement to repeat the assessment. The repeat will carry an automatic repeat fee of €250.
The module mark capped at a maximum of 40%. If at Award Stagethe final award may be capped as a pass award.
The learner may be obliged to attend and complete the DBS Library Service course on Academic Writing and present their confirmation of completion to the Exams Manager within 4 weeks.
The learner may be required to sit the repeat assessment in person on the DBS campus.
The learner may be required to sit specific future assessmentsas specified by the committeein person on the DBS campus (e.g. high stakes assessments).
Any subsequent capstone modules (e.g. project or dissertation) to require a Viva .
The finding of Academic Impropriety recorded on the learner's transcript.

As standard the first two penalties are applied as an absolute minimum to cases upheld.

Any instances of a second or subsequent similar offenceregardless of programme framework levelor where a first offence is deemed to have been a serious enough contravention of the Academic Impropriety Policythe Committee has the authority to impose additional penalties up to and including:

Suspension of the learner from the College for a Semester
Permanent expulsion of the learner from the College

The QA Officer will notify learners of the outcome or decision within five working days of the sitting of the committee.

3.3.11  Faculty Academic Integrity

DBS Faculty and staff are required to demonstrate and be committed to the highest standards of academic integrity. The College recognises the role of faculty and College personnel in rolemodelling and demonstrating positive ethical and academic practices for learnersand therefore consider breaches of academic integrity and ethics to be violations of contractual obligations of their role.

Examples of academic misconduct or negligence in the management of assessments can include:

,nwarranted bias in making assessment decisions;
Revealing information about examination questions to students where this is supposed to be unknown by students in advance;
Accepting bribes to influence assessment decisions;
Invalidating an assessment by teaching to the test;
Failing to exercise due diligence in checking for and investigating or (when appropriate) referring breaches in academic integrity.

Examples of academic misconduct in the delivery of teaching content can include:

Over-reliance on external sources of lecture material;
Failure to appropriately attribute sources of lecture material;
Circulating copyright-restricted materialsuch as articlesbooks or other mediaoutside of the parameters of the relevant copyright restrictions of such material;
Contributing to essayor assignment-writing services for an external service or other third parties;
Enabling access to learner communities for essay-writing services;
Deliberately withholding information regarding specific arguments or theories out of a personal biaswhere the argument or theory has general acceptance in the mainstream discourse.

Breaches of academic integrity and ethical principles will be managed within the College's Faculty Management or Human Resources policies and procedures with respect to the nature of the incident.

3.3.12  Suspected Assessment Design Invalidation in Academic Integrity Reviews

In the course of investigating cases of suspected academic improprietythe Academic Impropriety Committee may identify an assessment which may have been invalidated in its deploymentdue to factors such as the misuse of generative artificial intelligence or other emerging technologiesor the compromised deployment of an assessment. The Committee may come to this conclusion where a significant portion of a cohort undertaking the assessment are brought in for review for potential academic misconductor where the particulars of a case might shed light on aspects of an assessment deployment that were not in alignmen t with the assessment strategy or College's assessment principles.

The mechanism by which an assessment suspected of being invalidated should be escalated is set out in QAH Section B.5.1.12.1.

Where a learner has been found to have academic impropriety before the Committee escalates an assessment of concern to the programme teamand the identification of the suitable mitigation for the assessment deploymentthe academic impropriety finding rem ains on the learner's record. The outcome of the review of the assessment design and its mitigation may determine it appropriate to remove any findings of academic impropriety from those learners' records. In such caseswhile the academic impropriety reco rd is removed from the learner's recorda record of the outcome will remain in the Committee's trackerfor reporting purposes and where a second impropriety finding may require consideration by the Committee.

3.3.13  Right of Appeal

DBS recognises the importance of clear complaints and appeals processes. A learner may appeal a decision or finding of the Academic Impropriety Committee or viva voce panel and/or any penalty imposed. See the DBS Appeal Policy for full details. The DBS Appeals Policy can be located in QAH Part B Section 3.5.

3.3.14  Additional Documents

Appendix B.3.3.1 Policy Statement on Generative AI (GenAI)
Generative Artificial Intelligence guidelines: https://students.dbs.ie/qualityassurance/genai
Appendix B.3.3.2 Academic Integrity Lexicon
Academic Impropriety Form:

https://dublinbusinessschool.formstack.com/forms/ai\_reporting\_form

3.3.14  Schematic of Academic Impropriety Process

Figure 1: Schematic of the Academic Impropriety Process



3.4 Complaints Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B



Document Name                          Complaints Policy                                                                                                                       
----------------
Policy Document Number                 014                                                                                                                                     
Version Reference                      v2.2                                                                                                                                    
Document Owner                         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      QA OfficerHeads of Department                                                                                                         
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 9Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmesProfessional ProgrammesKaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ) 
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board                                                                                                                      
Approval date                          04/04/2021v2.2 02/03/2023                                                                                                             
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/2019                                                                                                                              
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                           
Revision History/ Amalgamation History N/A                                                                                                                                     
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                           
References/ Supporting Documentation   • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines Section 5.2' Teaching and Learning '. 7                               

3.4.1 Policy Overview

The DBS Complaints policy attempts to lay out processes in order to resolve complaints or issues to the mutual satisfaction of the complainant and the individualservice or department against which the Complaint or issue is being made.

3.4.2 Policy Statement

This policy is applicable to all DBS provision and all programmes leading to QQI awardsand is based upon transparency and fairness. This policy should be referenced by all learners or staff who wish to submit a complaint.

The policy is based upon transparency and fairness. This policy outlines a series of steps required to resolve complaints or issues to the mutual satisfaction of the complainant and the individualservice or department against which the complaint is being made. DBS commits to timelytransparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework.

7 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

The DBS Complaints policy reflects the principles of natural justice and cognisant of the dignity of the persons involved. Natural justice protects against arbitrary exercise of power by ensuring equal treatment and fair play. It ensures that no decision is valid if it was influenced by any other interest or bias and where the opposing party has not been afforded a full right of response. For this reasonanonymous complaints will not be considered.

All parties are advised that in making a complaintit is expected that they themselves have complied with the requirements of the student Code of Conduct in relation to the matter concerned. It is also expected that Complaints will not be of a vexatious nature or for the purpose of personal gain.

Most complaints are capable of being resolved on an informal basis without recourse to the formal Complaints procedure. The College accepts that there might be instances that necessitate immediate engagement of formal action in response to a complaint.

DBS is committed to ensuring that:

1. Complaints are handled in a fairtransparenttimely and sensitive mannerwith due recognition of the dignity and confidentiality of the persons involved.
2. Learners will not be disadvantaged by making a complaint.
3. Complaints are handled in a cooperative mannerwith every effort being made to arrive at a solution by consensus among the relevant parties.
4. Complaints that impact on the assessment processbut are not directly concerned with the processwill not interfere with a learner's normal right to appeal the result of an examination.
5. The reputation and professional integrity of DBS staff and learners will be safeguarded by ensuring that complaints are dealt with in a confidential manner and are resolved to the mutual satisfaction of all parties concernedas far as is possible.
6. Complaints that are proved to be malicious or vexatious will result in disciplinary action being taken against the complainant and other possible sanctions may ariseincluding the possible referral of the matter to the Gardai.
7. The principles of natural justice are applied when dealing with complaints:
8. o All parties to a complaint have the right to be heard and represented or accompanied by a friend family member or colleague at all meetings held in relation to the complaint.
9. o The person against which a complaint is made is entitled to a right to respond to all allegations.
10. o DBS does not engage with legal representatives as part of the complaints process.

o Any hearings or meetings will be undertaken by an independent staff memberwithout bias.
o Minutes will be taken of all formal meetings and records are maintained in accordance with the College 's policy on records retention.

This complaints policy applies to all students of DBS and in respect of any service they receive from the College with the exception of academic appeals. Academic appeals should be conducted in line with the Academic Appeals Policy. The complaints procedure is not intended as a further avenue of appeal in the event that an academic appeal is not upheld.

Complaints usually fall into the following categories:

Issues regarding learning activities
Issues regarding academic or support services
Issues regarding facilities
Difficulties with a member of staff
Difficulties with an enrolled learner

Issues regarding assessment are covered under the Policies on Assessment in the QAH Part B Section 5 .

3.4.3 Submitting a Complaint: Timeframe and Requirements

Any complaint should be raised within 14 days of the alleged incidentmatter or concern.
All complaints received will normally be acknowledged within 5 working days of receipt.
The person or department against whom the complaint (formal or informal) is made will normally be notified within 5 working days that a complaint has been made.
All parties will be notified of the steps the College are takingwhether an investigation is being undertaken or whether and when meetings are to be convened.
Anonymous complaints will not be accepted.
In some instanceswhere the basis of a Complaint against a learner can be reasonably corroborated and is of sufficient severitythe Complaint may be escalated directly to a Disciplinary.

Procedure for Informal Complaints

It is expected that all complaints should be considered informally in the first instance.  This can be directly with the learner and relevant person or departmentor facilitated by the Class RepresentativeStudent ServicesModule LeaderAcademic Director or relevant manager.

Where complaints are made as a group these should addressed through a Class Representative or agreed spokesperson.

In order to initiate an informal complaintthe complainant is advised to directly contact the subject of their complaint or the manager responsible for the service. This can be carried out directly with the complainant and relevant person or departmentor facilitated by the Class RepresentativeStudent ServicesModule LeaderAcademic Director or relevant manager.

Initial informal action can be initiated in writing but will not be considered a formal written complaint at this stage. No formal record will be retained.

In some caseswhere appropriatethe Academic Director or relevant department manager may also communicate with the complainant and the subject of the complaint (if applicable) if it will assist the informal resolution of the complaint.

If the matter is not resolved satisfactorily through informal discussionsthe complainant can seek to raise a formal complaint.

Procedure for Formal Complaints

Formal complaints should be lodged through the online Complaint/Feedback Form (linked HERE )and any supporting documentation should be lodged with the School Administrative Officer directly via schooladminofficer@dbs.ie .

Once initial contact has been made the School Administrative Officer will advise of the following:

The requirement to put the complaint in writing using the relevant form .
The right of the subject of the complaint to receive notification of the nature of the allegations madea copy of the complaint and the details of the complainant.
The requirement that the complainant is in a position to stand over all allegations and provide evidence to support the complaint.
The complainant's right to representation.
Reassurance that there will be no detrimental impact on a learner for invoking the complaints procedure.

All complaints received should be evidence-based and factual. The complaint must detail the complainant's name and contact detailsany relevant documentationdateslocations and witnesses as appropriate. Any previous efforts to resolve the matter should also be noted.

When receivedthe School Administrative Officer will catalogue the complaint including details of the date receivedthe identity of the complainantthe nature of the complaint and the individual(s) and or department(s) against which the complaint is made.

The School Administrative Officer will forward the complaint to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operationswho will acknowledge receipt of the complaint and contact an appropriate manager to investigate the complaintif appropriate.

Where the complaint relates to the actions or activities of the Academic Operations Departmentthe Registrar and Director of Campus Operations will undertake the role of investigating manager.

Where the complaint is made against the Registrar and Director of Campus Operationsthe School Administrative Officer will forward the complaint to the Academic Dean or the Head of Student Experiencewho will appoint an appropriate manager to investigate the complaint.

3.4.4 Investigation of a Formal Complaint

Upon submission of a formal complaint to the School Administrative Officerand the appointment of an appropriate investigating managerthe investigating manager willwhere applicableadvise the person who is the subject of the complaint and provide that person with details of the nature of the allegations.

Investigation Discussions

The investigating manager can arrange to meet with the complainant and the subject of the complaint to establish facts and seek clarification. This can take place by telephonee-mail or faceto-face. Importantlythe investigating manager is not authorised to give a viewpoint nor a decision relating to the complaint .

Any party involved in a complaint is entitled to be accompanied by a friendfellow student or family member who is not a legal representative or advocate. Where the complainant or subject of the complaint wishes to be accompaniedthe corresponding discussion must take place face-to-face.

Where the discussion is to take place face-to-facethe investigating manager may be accompanied by a note taker so that an accurate record can be created.

Such meetings can include:

Meeting the complainant to discuss the complaint.
Meeting the subject of the complaintwhere applicable and appropriate in the view of the investigating manager.
Interviews of any potential witnesses.

A summary of the discussions should be documented and e-mailed to all those involved in the meeting to ensure transparency. Matters of factual inaccuracy may then be identified and corrected. Reponses should normally be received within 5 working days.

Where two or more parties disagree on the record of the meetingthe conflicting versions of events should be documented and retained.

Upon completion of the investigation into the factsthe investigating manager will compile a report summarising the actions taken as part of the investigationincluding a summary of the main findings and the evidence available to inform the decision-making process.

The investigating managerhaving considered all the available evidencewill determine the matter following the compilation of their investigation reportand after consulting with appropriate stakeholders. The potential outcomes are:

The outcome of the investigation confirms there is sufficient evidence to accept the complaintand the complaint is upheld.
The outcome of the investigation confirms that there is insufficient evidence to accept the complaintwhich is dismissed.
The outcome of the investigation determines that there is insufficient evidence to form a definitive conclusiondue to an inconclusive element.

If the investigating manager determines that the matter is more complex or that further consideration of the issues in dispute is necessarythe investigating manager will convene a Complaints Committee within 10 working days of the compilation of their report.

3.4.5 Complaints Committee

The investigating manager may convene a Complaints Committee to review the findings of the investigation. Membership of the Complaints Committee is subject to the nature of the complaint and the parties involvedbut would ordinarily comprise of the investigating managersitting as Chairalongside one other departmental manager and a member of the academic lecturing staff. The School Administrative Officer acts as Secretary to the Committee.

Where necessary and appropriateto ensure fair process and informed decision-makingalternative members of staffstudent representatives or an external expert may be requested to sit on the Committee.

The investigating manager is required to present the investigation to the Complaints Committee and provide clarification on any points raised. The complainant is not required to attend a hearing of the Complaints Committeebut the complainant may be contacted by the investigating manager for further clarification where required.

The Complaints Committee will meetincluding remotely if the investigating manager considers this appropriateto discuss the findings and to arrive at a fair decision.

The Complaints Committee is required to decide a complaint based on the investigating manager's report and any additional evidence presented. The potential outcomes are:

The outcome of the investigation confirms there is sufficient evidence to accept the complaintand the complaint is upheld.
The outcome of the investigation confirms that there is insufficient evidence to accept the complaintwhich is dismissed.
The outcome of the investigation determines that there is insufficient evidence to form a definitive conclusiondue to an inconclusive element.

3.4.6 Determination and Notification of a Complaint

Where a Complaints Committee is not conveneddue to the nature of the complaintthe investigating manager will determine the outcome of a complaint. In reaching a decisionwhere the complaint is upheldthe investigating manager is required to set out the subsequent action or options to be afforded to the learner.

Where a Complaints Committee is convened by the investigating managerthe Complaints Committee should arrive at a majority decision of the Committee. Where there is an even number of votes cast for both sides the Chair will invoke the right to a final casting vote. This is in addition to the Chair's own vote as a member of the Complaints Committee.

In reaching a decisionwhere the complaint is upheldthe Committee is required to agree on the subsequent action or options to be afforded to the learner.

The School Administrative Officeror the investigating manager (as appropriate)will formally respondin writingto both parties to inform them of the findings of the investigationany decisions madethe reason for the decision(s) and any subsequent action(s) to be takenwhere appropriate. The communication of the outcome may take more than 14 days. The College will endeavour to

complete any investigation within no more than 30 dayssubject to the nature of the case in question.

A copy of all correspondencealong with the investigation report and evidencewill be lodged with the School Executive Administrator and where applicable may be forwarded to Human Resources.

Where the result of the complaint includes consequent action or recommendationsthe School Administrative Officer or the investigating manager (as appropriate) shall notify the appropriate person(s) or committee(s)without undue delay.

It should be noted that there can be instances where it is not possible for a decision to be reached and the College will attempt to provide further clarity to the student issuing the complaint while also providing guidance to the subject of the complaint in an attempt to prevent a recurrence of such incidents.

Both the complainant and the subject of the complaint should each be notified of their right to appeal.

3.4.7 The Right to Appeal a Complaint Outcome (a Petition)

Any party wishing to appeal the decision of the investigating manager or a Complaints Committee can do so by submitting a Petition to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or the appropriate nominee. Where a nominee is appointed the complainant will be notified of this and the identity of the nominee. This is distinct from the Appeals Process outlined in the QAH Part B Section 3.5. For ACCA learnershaving exhausted the internal DBS Complaints processthey can escalate the complaint to ACCA and if in disagreement with the outcome can escalate to the appropriate regulator 8 .

Any Petition should be submitted within 5 working days of the decision of the investigating manager or the finding of the Complaints Committee being communicated.

Grounds for appealing the outcome must be clearly outlined in the Petition submission.

Valid grounds for this appeal can relate only to the processes and procedures followed at the previous stages.  Disagreement with the outcome of the complaint process or a request for a

8 If an ACCA learner has exhausted both Dublin Business School's complaints process and ACCA'sthey can escalate to the appropriate regulator. Details of which can be found on the ACCA website at the following link: https://www.accaglobal.com/gb/en/footer-toolbar/contact-us/unhappy.html

rehearing do not constitute valid grounds for a Petition. As suchthe Petition does not normally involve reconsideration of the original complaint and new evidence is not normally accepted at this stage.

The Registrar and Director of Campus Operationsor appropriate nomineewill determine whether or not a Petition shall be heard. The decision will be communicated to the petitioner normally within 5 working days post the Petition deadline.

If a Petition is granted the right to proceedthe Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee will appoint an appropriate hearing panel. This will be scheduled at the earliest opportunity and normally not more than 14 working days after the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee has confirmed a hearing will take place.

Any party to the Petitionincluding Complaints Committee membersmay be invited to attend the panel meetingdepending upon the nature/ basis of the Petitionor where the hearing panel deems this to be necessary. Attending parties are entitled to be accompanied by a family memberfriend or colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The petitioner and other parties involved in the Petition are entitled to a record of the hearing and a record of the decision reached at the hearing. Where required some information may be redacted in accordance with data protection legislation.

The outcome of the Petition will be communicated to the petitioner and other parties at the earliest opportunity.

No further right of appeal is available once the hearing panel has met and determined the outcome.

3.4.8 Reporting and Recording Complaints

A list of formal complaints managed under this process will be maintained by the School Administrative Officer.

A summary reportdetailing the number of complaintsthe nature and focus of the complaintthe outcome of the investigation and any corrective action recommended will be submitted to the Academic Board at the end of each academic year.

Where applicable the outcome of complaints received will also be provided for consideration by the Senior Leadership Team which is responsible for addressing areas of common concern and ensuring appropriate intervention(s) and/ or corrective actions at institution level to reduce the likelihood of recurrence.

3.4.9 Schematic of the Complaints Process

Figure 2: Schematic of the Complaints Process



3.4.10  Appeal and Complaints Process Flow

The process flow outlined below details the required steps and decision points with regard to this policy. Learners are advised to fully familiarise themselves with the required steps and proceduresand locate the required forms on the College website.

Figure 3: Appeals and Complaints Process Flow



3.5 Appeals Policy



Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B   Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
-------------------------
Document Name                             Appeals Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Policy Document Number                    013                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Version Reference                         v2.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Document Owner                            QA Officer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility         Registrar and Director of Campus OperationsAssistant RegistrarHeads of Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Applicability                             All programmes: NFQ L6 9Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmesProfessional ProgrammesKaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Approved by                               Academic Board &QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Approval date                             23/07/19v2.1 02/03/2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Date Policy Becomes Active                18/09/19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Revision Cycle                            A minimum of every five years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revision History/ Amalgamation History    N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Additional Information                    Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
References/ Supporting Documentation      • ENQA (2015) Standards and Guidelines for Quality Assurance in the European Higher Education Area (ESG ) (2015)Part 1Guideline 1.3'Student Centred Learning Teaching and Assessment' . 9 • QQI (2022) Assessment and StandardsRevised 2022 Section 2.1.1.4g and Section 4.10. 10 • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines Section 2.6' Assessment of Learners ' . 11 

3.5.1 Policy Overview

DBS recognises that learners are entitled to the right of appeal against a decision of a lower-level decision-making authority by making a request to a higher one. This policy aims to facilitate such requests from learners and to further provide a mechanism to have grievances and complaints investigatedto a fair and adequate conclusion.

3.5.2 Policy Statement

Any learners on programmes leading to QQI awardsand any learner on a non-accredited programme may seek an appeal. This policy should be referenced by all learners who wish to submit an appeal. All appeals and decisions must be evidence based.

9 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

10 https://www.qqi.ie/sites/default/files/2022-09/assessment\_and\_standards-revised-2022.pdf

11 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

This policy should be referenced when submitting an appeal against:

An assessment decision (as an appeal or verification of results).
A programme or module deferral decision.
A decision regarding a request for Personal Mitigating Circumstances to be applied for an assessment or assessments.
A decision/finding of the Academic Impropriety Committee.
A decision/finding of Disciplinary Committee.
Required withdrawal of a learner from a programme of study.

This policy does not apply to appeals against Admissions or Programme Deferral Request decisions by the Admissions team during a programme application. These appeals must be directed in writing to the Chief Commercial Officer -see QAH Part B Section 1.4.7.

The Academic Appeals Policy does not apply to appeals against a finding of the Complaints Committee. Such an appeal is outlined in the Complaints Policy as 'submitting a Petition'and is detailed in Section 3.6.7 below.

This policy is founded upon the principles of transparency and fairness and recognises a learner's right to question a decision-making authority within DBS. This policy outlines a series of steps required to fulfil these processes. Learners are also advised to view the Additional Documents section of this policy for additional relevant links. DBS commits to the timelytransparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework.

Overall responsibility for the academic appeals process rests with the Academic Board. The Academic Board delegates responsibility to the Exams Manager or the Quality Assurance (QA) Officer to consider grounds for an appealand convening an Appeals Committee made up of appropriate senior DBS personnel.

3.5.3 Submitting an Appeal: Timeframe and Requirements

Any appeal must be submitted by the specified appeal date which will have been determined previously by the initial decision-making committee. Ordinarilythe timeframes to submit an appeal would be within 10 days of the communication of the decision or release of results to a learner.

An Appeal Form must be submitted and accompanied by a detailed written submission and supporting documentation (if appropriate). A link to the Appeals Form can be found in the Current Students area of the College websiteand is attached to this policy under Additional Documentation.

Appeals submitted without a detailed written submission or for which the fee has not been paidwill be rejected. It is the learner's responsibility to ensure that an Appeal Form and all accompanying documentation is lodged fully and correctly.

It is important to note that additional appeal opportunities and requests for an extension of an appeal deadline will not be granted.

3.5.3.1 Appeal Fees

Appeals against assessment results must also include evidence of payment of the relevant fee per module. Payments can be made onlineby telephone or at Reception. Learners are reminded to include the payment reference number on all submitted documentation.

Learners will not be entitled to a refund if an appeal application is rejected.

Learners will be entitled to a refund of the appeal fees if an appeal results in a learner's mark being increased. The fee for that specific appeal will be refunded. Where multiple marks are appealed at any one timeonly those resulting in an upgrade will be refunded.

3.5.4 Grounds for Appeal

An appeal submission must specify the grounds on which the appeal is requestedand must contain all information that the learner wishes to have taken into account. The Appeal Formthe detailed written submission and any accompanying documentationmust be submitted to the Quality Assurance Officer through the Service Desk using the correct Appeal Form. No matter will be considered in the absence of a correctly submitted Appeal Form. In additionthe nature of the appeal must be clearly identified in the correct field on the form. Learners are further advised that a request for a rehearing is not valid grounds for an appeal.

3.5.4.1 Academic Judgement and the Assessment Process

Learners are advised that a request for a rehearing is not valid grounds for an appeal. Assessment decisions are made within the internal and external moderation processesand a request for a regrading is not valid grounds for an appeal. Learners are advised to avail of the Verification Request process to confirm the accuracy of a grade (see the Quality Assurance Handbook Part B Section 5.9)or review feedback from an examiner to understand the basis of a grade awarded.

While the Appeal process may result in an amendment to an assessment outcomedisagreement with the academic judgement of an examiner is not valid grounds for an appeal. It is rather a recognition that extraneous or disclosed circumstances make it appropriate to change the final decision in respect of a particular learner's performance.

Disagreement with a decision is also not considered grounds for an appeal.

Appeals which question the academic judgement of examiners shall not be admissible.

The only permissible grounds for an appeal are:

The learner believes that there was a substantive irregularity in the College's procedures or regulations and/or in the manner in which those procedures or regulations were executed by the original decision-making committee.
The learner believes there was a substantive irregularity in the Assignment brief or the Examination Paper or in the assessment process.
The learner believes that there were mitigating or other circumstances which the College was not aware of when its decision was takenand valid reasons why this was not and could not be communicated to the College in advance to the decision being made.

The Quality Assurance Officer will receive all appeal applications and ensure that they have complied with submission requirements. The Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager in conjunction with the Quality Assurance Officer will consider the appeal and the grounds on which it is sought.

Where the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager has chaired any of the prior proceedings connected to an appeal they cannot be involved in the appealand an appropriate replacement nominee will be appointed.

3.5.5 Presentation of New Evidence

Where the learner wishes to present new evidencethis must be identified and presented at the point of applying for an appeal. Beyond this pointnew evidence not identified will not be considered by the Appeals Committee unless exceptional circumstances are identifiedand these are accepted at the Chair's discretion.

Learners are reminded that evidence of Personal Mitigating Circumstances (PMC) is reasonably expected to have been presented in advance or at the time of the original decision. The Appeals Committee will only consider a late declaration as grounds for appeal where there are valid reasons for non-disclosure at an earlier stage and must be accompanied with:

Evidence that confirms that the circumstances were present during the period under consideration.

and

Evidence to show why the learner was unable to disclose at an earlier timeor valid reasons as to why this could not be disclosed earlier.

An unwillingness to disclosea lack of appreciation/awareness of the potential impact of personal circumstancesor a lack of knowledge of the regulations are not considered as valid justifications for a failure to submit evidence at the time of the event. Nor will they justify a late submission of a PMC evidence.

For a claim of valid reasons for non-disclosure to be acceptedit is normally expected that the circumstances themselves were exceptionally seriousor had an exceptionally serious impact on the learnerand there were substantial reasons why the learner was unable or unwilling to disclose them at the time.

Medical or other professional certification must confirm that the learner attended the relevant professional appointment(s) during the period under consideration for the circumstances outlined. Post-dated certification will not normally be considered. The dates of attendance must be stated by the professional along with verification of the circumstances claimed.

3.5.6 The Handling of an Appeal Application

The QA Officer in conjunction with the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager will consider each application to determine whether there are grounds for appeal. Where the appeal is of a decision in which the QA Officer was involved (such as an Academic Impropriety investigation)the alternative QA Officer or suitable nominee will facilitate the review process.

An application for appeal will be rejected outright where it is considered that there are no identifiable grounds or where the appeal deadline was not adhered to. Where an appeal application is rejected outrightthe QA Officer will notify the learner of this outcome and the fact that there is no further right of appeal. In such cases the process concludes at this point. Learners will not be entitled to a refund if an appeal application is rejected outright.

Where the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager or QA Officer believes that there are grounds for an appeala verification process is undertaken. The Exams Office will conduct a review of the learner's result. The review ensures that the result published by the College is free of any errors of fact.  Learners are advised that an appeal of an assessment decision may result in the confirmationthe uplift or the downgrading of the initial result/decision.

3.5.7 The Appeals Committee

Where a learner has been found to have valid grounds for appeal and the verification process identifies anomalies or discrepancies in processan Appeals Committee is convened in order to determine the appropriate actions arising.

The Appeals Committee should aim to reach a majority decision. Where there is an even number of votes cast for both sides the Chair will invoke the right to a final casting vote. This is in addition to the Chair's vote as a member.

3.5.8 Notification of the Outcome of an Appeal

The QA Officer will notify the learner in writing of the decision of the Appeal Committee andwhere applicableany subsequent action required. Where an appeal is upheldthe Chairthrough the QA Officerwill notify the relevant departments of the outcomealong with any actions arising.

Where the appeal relates to an award and certification has been requested from QQIthe Exams Manager will take responsibility for updating that request.

3.5.9 The Conclusion of the Appeals Process

A decision of the Appeals Committee of the Academic Board is final. Once the Appeals Committee has declared its decisionthe Appeals process concludes.

Learners are advised thatas per QQI Assessments and StandardsRevised 2013 QQI does not have a role to play in a learner's appeal of the provider's assessment decisions.

Where an appeal fee has been paid and the appeal outcome results in a learner's mark being increasedthe fee for that specific appeal will be refunded. Where multiple marks are appealed at any one timeonly those resulting in an upgrade will be refunded.

DBS is committed to ensuring that all decisions pertaining to assessment are fair and that learners have access to clear consistent and comprehensible appeals procedures.

3.5.10  Dissatisfaction with the Outcome of the Appeal Process and lodging a Complaint

If a learner is dissatisfied with the outcome of the appeals processes and believes that the procedures have been conducted improperly then she/he has a right to submit a Petition to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations in writing to quality@dbs.ie within 5 working days of the announcement of the decision. Complaints regarding the outcome of an Appeal are distinct from the process outlined in the DBS QAH Complaints Policy in Section 3.6 .

Valid grounds for a Petition can relate only to the processes and procedures followed at the previous stages. Any Petition regarding the outcome of an Appeal is not a re-opening of the appealand the learner must provide reasonable evidence of procedural impropriety. Disagreement with the outcome of the Appeal process or a request for a rehearing do not constitute valid grounds for a Petition. Grounds for submitting a Petition against the Appeal outcome must be clearly outlined in the Petition submission.

Learners must ensure that the completed Petition (which should include full details of the Petition) is submitted by the published deadline. If any relevant supporting documentation is not available at this timethis should be indicated in the written submission and supplied within a maximum of 10 working days. Learners should be aware that after this time their Petition will be considered without reference to outstanding supplementary evidence.

The Registrar and Director of Campus Operationsor appropriate nomineewill determine whether or not a Petition shall be heard. The decision will be communicated to the petitioner normally within 5 working days post the Petition deadline. If a Petition is granted the right to proceedthe Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee will appoint an appropriate hearing panel. This will be scheduled at the earliest opportunity and normally not more than 14 working days after the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee has confirmed a hearing will take place.

Any party to the Petitionincluding Complaints Committee membersmay be invited to attend the panel meetingdepending upon the nature/ basis of the Petitionor where the hearing panel deems this to be necessary. Attending parties are entitled to be accompanied by a family memberfriend or colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The petitioner and other parties involved in the Petition are entitled to a record of the hearing and a record of the decision reached at the hearing. Where required some information may be redacted in accordance with data protection legislation.

The outcome of the Petition will be communicated to the petitioner and other parties at the earliest opportunity. Following a decision from DBSthe learner must be formally notified that they have exhausted all procedures of the College and that the matter is now closed. No further right of appeal is available once the hearing panel has met and determined the outcome.

3.5.11  Schematic of the Appeals Process

Figure 4: Schematic of the Appeals Process



3.6 Disciplinary Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B

Document Name                          Disciplinary Policy                                                                                                                     
----------------
Policy Document Number                 012                                                                                                                                     
Version Reference                      v2.2                                                                                                                                    
Document Owner                         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      QA OfficerAssistant RegistrarExams ManagerHeads of DepartmentHead of Student Services                                           
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 9Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmesProfessional ProgrammesKaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ) 
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board& QQI                                                                                                                 
Approval date                          23/07/19v2.1 07/12/2021v2.2 02/03/2023                                                                                              
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/19                                                                                                                                
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                           
Revision History/ Amalgamation History N/A                                                                                                                                     
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                           
References/ Supporting Documentation   • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines Section 2.5'Teaching and Learning'. 12                                



3.6.1 Policy Overview

DBS learners are responsible for their own actionsbehaviours and decision-making. Howeverin order to ensure a respectful environment conducive to learning and developmentDBS further imposes minimum standards of conduct that are expected of all learners. This is reflected in the Learner Code of Conducthereafter referred to as the Code. The Learner Code of Conduct is laid out in Section 3.2 above. This Disciplinary Policy sets out DBS's general approach to managing discipline and suspected breaches of the Code.

3.6.2 Policy Statement

The DBS Disciplinary policy is applicable to all learnerswhether they are enrolled on an accredited or a non-accredited programme.

Learners are advised that any breach of the Code may be considered a disciplinary offence and be subject to disciplinary action as outlined in this policy. Where an allegation of misconduct is upheldappropriate sanctions will be applied up to and including the requirement to withdraw from the

12 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

College and the programme with no entitlement to full or partial refund. Additionallyany repeat of misconduct by an individual following disciplinary action may result in immediate suspension or expulsionin particular with respect to major offences under the code of conduct. Where the College believes there is a risk to an individual or individuals in the Collegewhether students or staffarising from the conduct of a learnerthe College reserves the right to suspend studies and/or attendance on campus.

DBS reserves the right to suspend a learner pending investigation when it is in receipt of an allegation of a breach of the Code of Conduct or a formal complaint that has been escalated to disciplinary action. In all such casesthe investigation will be processed as a priority. The College is not liable for any delay in the completion of a programme of study for any learner who is suspended pending an investigation where a reasonable and justifiable decision to suspend is acted upon.

In the interest of all partiesthese procedures will be invoked as soon as possible and concluded as quickly as possible. Due consideration must be given to timings of assessments and examinations and the Board of Examiners meeting.

3.6.2.1 Escalation and Representation

Where appropriate and feasiblethe College will seek to resolve any breach of the Code of Conduct without the requirement to invoke formal disciplinary proceedings. In such caseslearners are required to meet with the appropriate manager or department head to discuss the concerns andif necessaryagree on the steps required to avoid any future recurrence.

Howeverit is accepted that there may be instances that necessitate immediate engagement of formal disciplinary proceedings in which case the procedure set out below will apply.

The College will not normally engage with legal representatives or advocates as part of the implementation of this policy. This is an internal procedure for the purpose of managing learner conduct and does not and will not normally include dialogue with or between legal representatives of either or all parties.

Howeverwhere the College considers that matters of a criminal nature are likely to have occurredthe College can refer the matter to An Garda Síochána or the law enforcement agency of the relevant jurisdiction.

3.6.2.2 Entitlement to Information

This disciplinary policy is based on a principle of natural justice which means that anonymous reports of a breach of conduct or anonymous complaints will not be considered and all parties have the right of response to any allegation.

All learners subject to a disciplinary investigation are entitled to be informed of the identity of the reporting party or complainantexcept where it is felt this might present serious risk to that individual or others associated with them. The subject of the disciplinary investigation is also entitled to receive details of the allegations made against them and afforded appropriate opportunity to respond.

3.6.2.3 Communication and Record of an Investigation

Where a learner has allegedly committed an offence or breach of the Code of Conductthey will be notified in writing (usually via e-mail) of the nature of the offencetheir rightsand the procedure involved.

At any stage of these proceedingsthe learner will be notified in writing (usually by e-mail) if they are required to attend a meeting. The learner will also be informed of their rights. Should a learner decide not to attend an investigatory or Disciplinary meeting at any stagethe appropriate committee or panel is authorised to proceed in their absence.

A written record will be made at each stage of this procedure. In the event of a finding that no offence has occurredall records will be destroyed unless it is suspected that an allegation was made maliciously or in bad faith. This in turn may result in a further investigation or the opening of a new disciplinary proceeding.

3.6.3 Receipt of an Allegation of Misconduct or an Alleged Breach of the Code

An allegation of misconduct or an alleged breach of the Code must be reported to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee (such as a member of Senior Management)who will review the allegation and determine what action is required.

Formal proceedings under the disciplinary policy will only be opened where it has not been possible to resolve the matter informally or the alleged offence is considered to be:

A serious breach of the Code of Conduct.
A repeat instance of a breach of discipline on the part of the learner.
Academic Impropriety.

Note: Cases of Academic Impropriety are managed by the Quality Assurance Officer in accordance with the Academic Impropriety Policy (see above Section 3.3).

3.6.4 Investigating an Allegation under this Policy

On receipt of a report of misconductwith the exception of Academic Improprietythe assigned manager will review the report and any associated evidence and will determine the next stepsdepending on the nature of the offence.

The learner will be notified of the allegation and invited to attend a meeting or respond in writing. In the case of an allegation or evidence of a serious offencethe learner may be temporarily suspended with immediate effectpending a full investigation and review. Information uncovered in the course of an investigation can warrant suspension at a later stage.

Any individual invited to attend an interview as part of the investigation is entitled to be accompanied or represented by a third party who is not acting as a legal representativesuch as the class representative or a family member or friend.

3.6.4.1 Failure to Respond to an Allegation

The failure to respond to an allegation will result in the case proceeding without the response. The case will not be terminated as a result of non-response from the learner concerned.

3.6.4.2 Potential Outcomes from an Investigation

Having invited a response from the learner at the centre of the allegation of misconductthe assigned manager is required to compile a written report summarising the allegation and any supporting evidence. Upon completion of the reportthe assigned manager is required to report one of the following outcomes:

No offence
An offence has occurred
The matter is unresolved.

Decisions will be based on the evidence presented and determined based on the balance of probability.

1. A finding that no offence has occurred

If the assigned manager is satisfied that there is no case to answeri.e. that no offence has occurredthe matter will be considered closed and all records will be destroyed after 14 working daysunless there is evidence to suggest that the original allegation was made maliciously and/or in bad faith.

2. A finding that an offence has occurred

For minor offencesthe assigned manager will impose an appropriate penalty.

For serious offencesthe assigned manager will refer the matter to the Disciplinary Committee for the purpose of imposing penalty or penalties.

The assigned manager must notify the learner of the intended action and the fact that a record of the offence(s) will be kept on their file.

3. A finding that the matter is unresolved

Where the matter remains unresolvedthe assigned manager must convene a Disciplinary Committee to further review the evidence and make a judgement on whether an offence has occurredand penalties associated if applicable.

The assigned manager must notify the learner of this in writing.

3.6.5 Disciplinary Hearing

A Disciplinary Committee must be convened as soon as is practically possible and minimising delay to reduce any impact on the learnerfollowing the decision of the assignment manager being made knownor the decision of the Academic Impropriety investigation being made known.

The Disciplinary Committee membership comprises:

Assigned Manager (Registrar and Director of Campus OperationsExams Manager or nominee) (Chair)
1 x Academic staff representative
1 x Support staff representative
1 x member of Student Services

The Disciplinary Committee should only proceed with a meeting or hearing where the required quorum is present. The QA Officer or School Administrative Officer will act as secretary to the Committee.

In the case of Academic Improprietydue to the earlier involvement of the Exams Managerthe Disciplinary Committee will be chaired by the Academic Deanan appropriate Academic Directoror the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations (or nominee).

Any person involved in the formal complaint or with a pre-existing relationship with the learner concerned is excluded from membership of the Committee.

Once the Committee has been confirmedthe assigned manager will write to the learner and advise them of:

The datetime and location of the hearing.
Membership of the Committee.
Their entitlement to be accompanied by a frienda family member or a colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The Disciplinary Committee shall hear the case and record its deliberations and finding(s).

In the case of the admission of a serious offence by the learner at the investigation stage of proceedingsthe remit of the Committee is to determine the appropriate penalty.
In the case of non-resolution at the investigation stage of proceedingsthe Committee is required to determineon the balance of probabilitywhether or not an offence has occurredand the appropriate sanction to be applied if applicable.

Where the Committee determines on the balance of probability that no offence has occurredthe matter will be considered closed and all records will be destroyedunless there is evidence to suggest that the original allegation was made maliciously and/or in bad faith.

Where the Committee determines on the balance of probability that an offence has occurred OR acts on admission of an offence in the investigatory stagea penalty proportionate to the offence will be imposed.

The Secretaryon behalf of the Chairwill write to the learner and advise of the finding(s) of the Disciplinary Committee and whatif anysanction is to be applied. The learner will also be advised of their right of appeal and the appeal process. The penalties that can be applied for minor and serious offences are outlined in the DBS QAH Part B Section 3.2.5-3.2.6 .

3.6.6 Right of Appeal and the DBS Appeals process

A learner may appeal a decision of the Disciplinary Committee in accordance with the DBS Appeals Policy outlined in Section 3.5 of this document.

3.6.7 Criminal Matters

DBS Policy is that any criminal matters are reported to the Gardaí or the authorities of the relevant jurisdiction.

3.6.8 Malicious or Bad Faith Allegations

At any stage in the course of an investigationwhere there is evidence to suggest that an allegation has been made maliciously or in bad faithdisciplinary proceedings may be initiated against the individual(s) making the malicious allegation.

Where allegations are made in good faiththe College forbids retribution or retaliation of any kind against the individual(s) making the allegation. Any retribution or retaliation would be deemed a serious offence within the Code of Conduct and result in disciplinary proceedings being initiated against those responsible.

3.6.9 Schematic of the Disciplinary Process

Figure 5: Schematic of the Disciplinary Process



3.7 Cameras On Policy


3.7.1 Policy Overview

Learners not having their cameras turned on during class time is seen to impact negatively on faculty-learner engagement and learner-learner engagement.   Requiring learners to have their cameras when attending classes online reflects practice in the workplacewhere those attending online meetings for work would be expected to have their cameras on.  This policy is in line with DBS stated strategic goal of creating work ready graduates.  Students are notified about the cameras-on policy during inductions.

It should be noted that online learning is not for every learner.  Learners unable to satisfy this policy and keep their cameras on during an online class may conclude that online learning is not an appropriate learning environment for them.

3.7.2 Policy Statement

Learners are expected to have their cameras on when attending a class online unless they have notified their lecturer of a valid reason why their cameras are off.
When attending a class onlinelearners are expected to ensure they are in a private place free of distractionswhere it is acceptable to have their cameras on.
o It is acceptable for a learner to notify a lecturer that their camera and/or microphone will be off for all or some of the duration of a class for valid reasons.

Learners can notify lecturers by either emailing them before the class. Acceptable reasons for turning off the camera include:

Camera/microphone does not work (this will be acceptable temporarily)
Wifi is not strong enough
Having the camera/microphone on will disrupt the class (this will be acceptable temporarily).
Learners may be ill.
Having the camera on increases level of anxiety for the learner
Reasons for keeping the camera off are temporary and the learner is expected to resolve these issues or reconsider whether online learning is for them.
Faculty are expected to have their cameras on for the duration of a class being delivered online.
Faculty may remove from an online class learners who do not turn on their cameras and do not provide a valid reason for not turning on their cameras in accordance with Section 3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy DBS QAH.

3.7.2 Additional Documents

DBS QAH Part B Section 3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy.
DBS QAH Part B Section 2.7 Digital Wellbeing Policy.

[END OF PART B SECTION 3]



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25

Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Key Pre-Arrival Information:

Login information and system access

All students who have completed their application and payment with the admissions team will receive their login credentials no later than 6 days before the Monday of the first week of term. Please check your spam or junk folder if you can't find it. This will provide access to Student EmailMoodle (our virtual learning environment) and your student dashboard where you can update personal details and access other self service items.

Getting your Student Card

To receive your student cardyou must have completed all parts of the admission process and made payment. We also require a photo to be submitted at https://www.dbs.ie/photoupload. If you have any issues uploading your photoplease go to Castle Housesecond floorand we can take your picture on site.

You will then receive an email when your card is ready for collection. Please wait until you are notified that your card is available.

Getting your Login details

If you have not received any login details it may be due to the following reasons

Fees have not been fully paid
Registration process has not be completed

You will need to contact international@dbs.ie to confirm your registration is completed

An email will be sent to your personal email address with all the login details and important links for the induction schedule. This email will come from DBSlogin@mydbs.ie. Please check your inbox and your spam folder for this email.

Please wait until you have completed your OrientationInduction and IT talks. During your induction talks you will be shown how to use the student portal services and you will be given access.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I don't understand my login details

Your student email will be your student number followed by @mydbs.ie

If you need to reset the password please click this link here

If you are having difficulty with login please click here for instructions.

Please note your student login access will ONLY be available after inductions and registration processes are completed.

What if I miss my Inductions?

If you have missed your induction talks you must watch the recordings via the induction schedule sheet that was sent to you by the collegethere will be links to the recordings at the bottom of the induction sheet.

Please note Inductions are mandatory and should only be missed under extreme circumstances

How do I get from Dublin Airport to the City Centre or Wider Dublin Area?

Dublin Airport is located approximately 10 km north of Dublin City Centrewhich is accessible by bustaxicarcycling or walking. There are several transport options for those travelling to Dublin City Centre and beyond. You can travel directly to central locations such as O'Connell Street or connect to the rest of Irelandby reaching Connolly and Heuston train stationsas well as Ireland's central bus stationBus Áras.

Here are some of the best options you can use once you arrive.

Taxi:



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Taxis are readily available at the airport. You can find them at designated taxi ranks outside the arrivals terminal. Make sure to use official airport taxis or reputable taxi services.

Bus Services for Dublin City and Greater Dublin Area (most popular):

Dublin Airport is well-connected to the city center and other locations via a network of bus services.  Dublin Bus route 41 serving Swords and the city centre via Dublin Airport operates on a 24 hour basis.  For more information on ticketsbooking and payment for all servicesplease click operator name below.

Operators and Route Numbers

Dublin Express 782784

Aircoach 700702703

Dublin Bus 1641

Go Ahead 33a102

Airport Hopper 767777

Dublin Coach 750

All buses operate from stops located within a short walking distance from the airport terminals. To view a map of Dublin Airport bus zonesbus stops and the location of bus operatorsplease see below or click here.

Airport Shuttle: Some hotels and accommodations offer shuttle services to and from the airport. Check with your hotel to see if they provide this service.

Car Rental: If you prefer the flexibility of driving yourselfyou can rent a car from various car rental agencies located at the airport. This option is ideal if you plan to explore areas outside of Dublin.

Private Transfers: You can arrange for a private transfer service in advance. This option provides a comfortable and personalized experienceoften with a driver waiting for you upon your arrival.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Uber and Ride-Sharing: Uber and other ride-sharing services might operate in Dublinso you could use their apps to request a ride from the airport. Some examples include FREENOWUberor Lynk.

Remember to consider factors such as costconvenienceand the number of people traveling with you when choosing your transportation option. It's also a good idea to check for any updates or changes in transportation options before your tripas services may evolve over time.

Can I open a bank account before I arrive in Ireland?

Yes you canbut you will need an Irish address for the bank card to be delivered to. This is essential to complete the application process. This can include a friend or family member.

Moneyjar has made the opening of a bank account really simple for our studentsand the application will also help you to share everyday costs and plan future goals with friends and family.

Please note that you do not need a stamped college letter to open a bank account with Moneyjar.

A quick guide on getting started:

1 Download the Moneyjar app
2 Sign up using the 5 digit code. The DBS reference number is 41775
3 You will need proof of identity passport or driver's licence

Watch our 'How to get your banking started with Money Jar' video here.

Onboarding Guidelines when opening MoneyJar accounts

1.Outside the EEA

1.1 Signing Up



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Opening up a money jar Account outside of the EEA requires the customer to have an Irish address. This address can be their temporary or permanent address once they move to Ireland. It can be a friendrelatives or Hotel / B&B once its an Irish address is key

Please note; the bank card will be sent to this address



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25







3

2









Provide your Personal Details

After downloading the Money Jar app to your phonesign up for a new account and provide some personal details. All personal details are stored in an anonymous way for maximum security.

Choose a country to open your account in.









Your Mobile number is your unique identification

Receive an SMS to verify your mobile number.

Set a unique Password for security access.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Step by Step Guide.



Personal Details Continued.





Your full name and date of birth. Please note: must be exactly as appear on your official identity documentif notit could delay your account application. They they

Fill in the personal financial questionnaire



Your local address.

Please note: This must be valid address indicating you reside in the country you are opening the account in.



Please Note: Your Answers should be accurate as this will impact your account application.



Review and agree to; the Money Privacy Policy. Jar

American Citizens are required to enter their TIN (Tax Identification Number) .



Review and agree the Money Jar Terms & Conditions. to,





Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Step by Step Guide.



Proof of Identity & Residency.

To successfully open a Money Jar account all applicants must provide standard proof of identity documents through the process within the app.



You will be shown what documents you will need to provide on this screen Everybody is required to provide Proof of ID and a photo of yourself.







Source of Money document requirements. (if requested)



Proof of identity document requirements .



Proof of Address document requirements.

(if requested)

Photo requirements.



Proof of Residency document requirements (if requested)

Customers from outside the European Union could be asked for further proof that are eligible to live/work /study in Europe they



Select the type of Identification you will submit.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Stepby Step Guide.



Proof of Identity & Residency Continued.



Take a photo of your Identity document.







Your documents should be processed quickly.



Take a photo of yourself.



If all your documents are in order you should have Money Jar account in a few minutes.

Customers from outside the European Union will be asked to provide extra residency documents



If there are concerns with your documentsthere will be a delay while are checked further. they

Identity checks will be completed when all required documents have been uploaded.



Some customers may need to add a new document before accounts are opened.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Accommodation Queries:

I am looking to book accommodation with Brickworks.

Accommodation Partnership with Mezzino Brickworks:

DBS partners with Mezzino Brickworks to offer a selection of stunning rooms located within close proximity to the college each term. These rooms are available for both the full academic year and for semester-based bookings toobut are based on availability. Bookings must be arranged directly through the College. Please contact the Student Experience Team to inquire about current availability.

All rooms at Brickworks are designed for comfortable student livingfeaturing:

Ample storage space
Dedicated workspace
Private ensuite bathroom
Access to spaciouswell-equipped living and kitchen areas
All-inclusive bills (utilitiescontents insuranceWiFi)

Brickworks also provides a range of excellent on-site amenitiesincluding:

A fully equipped gym
Study rooms
Games area
Cinema room
A roof terrace with panoramic views of Dublin.

For a virtual tour of Brickworksplease click here.

If you are interested in booking accommodation for the current semesterplease contact the Student Experience Team to proceed with your booking.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I am looking to stay with a host family.

To enquire and book you need to contact our Homestay Partners ISA directly.

These are booked on a first come first serve basis. Prices for staying with a family start at €230 per week (single room/half board)with the locations spread across the Dublin area. You need to budget a further €25 €35 per week for a weekly commute to the DBS Campus.

For more information you can visit https://isaccommodation.com/

I am looking to stay in purpose built student accommodation (PBSA).

If you are looking to secure accommodation in Purpose Built Student Accommodation in Dublin your budget here should be €330-400 per week. Most Purpose Built Student Accommodations may have waiting lists if they are currently fully booked.

You can view a list of providers and contact details by here.

I am searching privately for a place to stay.

Average single room rent is around €800-1100 per month. The closer to the city you arethe more expensive your accommodation will be.  DBS recommend www.spotahome.com where accommodation is checked and verified by the website.

Spotahome offers DBS students 25% discount on the one time service fee. Use the promo code DBS25 at time of booking .

They also provide DBS students with personalized assistance via this email simply contact spotahome with your accommodation search requirements and a dedicated agent will provide you with options that best fit your needs.

You can view some of the popular platforms to use by clicking here.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



What challenges will I face when searching for private accommodation?

To get all of the necessary information on how to source a place to stay this coming termwatch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin'.

What this webinar covers:

Current Accommodation Landscape across Dublin
Summary of accommodation options across Dublin
Expectations as a student arriving to Dublin
Choosing where to stay in Dublin
Navigating private accommodation platforms effectively
FAQ's (Frequently asked questions)

How do I ensure that a property I am looking at is not fraudulent?

Please be cautious when renting accommodation from private landlordsand do not hand over a deposit/ rent without viewing the property in person. In particulardo not use Facebook or other social media outletsinstead use the sites recommended on this page.

Please follow the following advice when sourcing your accommodation:

Do not pay anything without viewing.
View all accommodations with a friend.
Do not make any online payments. use a credit card for payments if possible.
Be sure that all banks/online companies are legitimate.
Do not make any payments if the bank account given is not an Irish Bank Account.
Do not pay a deposit until you have personally viewed the property.
Contact a member of our Student Services to help advise you if an accommodation source looks suspicious. You can contact us through this emailstudent.services@dbs.ie
Alert the local authorities of your suspicion (Gardaì 01 666 9063).



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I am unsure what part of Dublin to stay in.

Dublin is a busy city to live and study in and DBS is conveniently located in the heart of the City Centre. This makes for great ease of access no matter where you are living across the city.

You can choose where to stay by using the transport network or the area codes as a main reference. You can get more advice on how to choose where to stay in Dublin by clicking here.

What do I do if I need accommodation short term?

There are short term accommodation options availableto give yourself time to do a more permanent accommodation search when you arrive in Ireland.

DBS recommends www.staycity.com which is ideal short term accommodation for groups of 2,3or 4.

Dublin also has many HostelsHotels & Air BnB's located around the city. This will be your best optionwhile you get settled into life at DBS.

These will be more expensive compared to all other accommodation options and is not recommended for a long term solution.

List of Hostels:

Barnacles Temple Bar -
https://barnacles-temple-bar-house-hotel-dublin.hotel-ds.com/en/
Kinlay House http://www.kinlaydublin.ie/
Abbey Court htttp://www.abbey-court.com
Generator Hostel https://staygenerator.com/hostels/dublin

Further accommodation support:

If you still need more information regarding sourcing accommodation in Dublin you can watch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin'which is a short recording that gives you the tools to assist in your room search in Dublin.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



We hope that all of the above information will help you in search for accommodation this semester. If you need further assistance or have any queries please email the student services team via student.services@dbs.ie who will be more than happy to help.

You can also check out the DBS Accommodation Guide for more comprehensive information on finding your home this academic year.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25

Application deadlines vary depending on the program, but early application is encouraged.

International & VISA Queries



Students can only generate and request letters once you have fully completed your registration to the collegeand your course has begun.

You will be shown how to request letters during Induction. Your inductions are mandatoryfor more information regarding inductionsplease visit our Eventbrite. Here you will be able to secure a ticket for a date and time that suits you.

You do not need a bank letter to open a Moneyjar Account see below.

What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?

Students must have registered with ISD and received your IRP cardif you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday periodJune to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.

What documents do I need for first time registration with ISD?

To book an appointment with ISD for first time registration you can free phone 1800 800 630 or visit the ISD registration website.

1) Confirmed Offer and Acceptance letter
2) Registration Fee / Receipt of college fees
3) Passport
4) Proof of medical insurance



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Students do not need a letter from the college for your first time registration.

I am arriving in Dublin with no friends? How do I meet new people?

Don't worry you will have lots of opportunities to get involved in everything that DBS has to offer. We have 100's of events and activities each term for students to enjoywhile giving everyone to meet new people too. The Student Experience Team will be on hand during your inductions to give you all of the important information that you need. This will cover eventsactivitiesas well as opportunities to network and socialise with your classmates.

The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. We have recently launched our summer seriesfor more information and how to purchase ticketsplease check out our Eventbrite.

Here at DBS we also have many Clubs and Societies you can join. We will have a Clubs and Societies Day which will show you all of the Clubs and Societies that we have here within the college. If you do not see a Club or Society catered to youemail us at student.services@dbs.ie and our Clubs and Society OfficerSubomiwill happily sit down with you to discuss options!

What are my attendance requirements as an international student?

Full (100%) attendance is required at all lectures and workshops. This is a condition of your student visa. If attendance falls below 85% DBS may notify Immigration Services.

Attendance Policy as per our Quality Assurance Handbook. You can read this in full here.

How can I open a bank account in Ireland?

DBS has partnered with MoneyJar. MoneyJar offers a simple step by step process to opening an account. You do not need a bank letter to open an account with Money Jar. All DBS students need the 5 digit sign in code 41775 to start their application.

How to Open a Student Bank Account with MoneyJar.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Does DBS arrange airport transfers on behalf of students?

Nothere are no arrangements directly with DBS. The transport links from Dublin Airport are excellent and easy to get to on arrival. We advise students to arrange their own transfer using a taxi or public transport when you arrive in the airport.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Disabilities Office Queries

How do I register for the Disabilities Services?

Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.

Our officer will also guide you through the process for availing of these supports.

You can view the support guide HERE



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Student Life Queries

How many Clubs & Societies are there?

There is a wide variety of clubs and societies that can be found in DBScatering for all interests and passions. We have over 50 active clubs & societies.

1. Academic and Professional: These clubs and societies focus on specific academic disciplines or professional fieldssuch as businessdata analyticslawevent managementsustainability or psychology…
2. Cultural and Ethnic: These clubs and societies celebrate and promote the culturetraditionsand heritage of specific ethnicities or countries. DESI societyItalian SocietyInternational student societyMalaysian society…
3. Hobby and Interest: These clubs and societies are centered around shared hobbies or interestssuch as photographygamingmusicdancedramachesshikingcreative writingor debate…
4. Sports and Recreation: These clubs and societies are dedicated to sports and physical activities. Such as Footballbasketballbadmintonultimate Frisbeetennissea swimmingvolleyballrock climbingmartial arts and yoga…

We have a very diverse range of options availableand if you don't find a club that matches your interestsyou can even consider starting your own club with like-minded individuals.

How do I sign up for our Clubs & Societies?

During your inductionsa Clubs & Societies Sign-Up form will be shared. This is your way of showing your interest in any of our Clubs & Societieswho will follow up with you. All clubs and societies are free (no charge) to join.

CLICK HERE TO VIEW CLUBS & SOCIETIES SIGN-UP FORM



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Where do I register for the college events?

It is simple to register for College events. The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. For more information and how to purchase ticketsplease check out our Eventbrite HERE.

What are the main social media networks?

Here are the links to all of our social media handles. Start following us now to keep up to date of what's going on.

INSTAGRAM @dbsstudentexperience TIKTOK @dbsstudentexperience FACEBOOK DBS Student Experience SPOTIFY DBS Student Experience Podcast



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Careers Hub Queries

How many hours can I work each week?

Students must have registered with ISD and received their IRP card if you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday periodJune to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.

What services are offered by the Careers Hub?

The Careers Hub offers a range of free career support services to all DBS students. We host workshops throughout the year and cover various career related topics in the following areas:

CV development
LinkedIn and optimising your profile
How to get a Part-time job
Networking
Career Planning and Job Searching
Interview preparation and skills

You must attend all careers workshops when included in your timetable.

We host podcasts with industry professionals who give advice and pointers which will help you on your job search and career journey. We invite employers to participate at events during the year where they'll talk to you about career opportunities in their companies and the kind of things that they expect from graduates.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Can I book an appointment with the Careers Hub?

Students can book individual coaching sessions with a DBS careers coach. If you are looking to update your CV and LinkedIn profilebuild a professional networkstart your job search and prepare for interviewsthe Careers Hub can support you every step of the way. There are a number of steps that must be completed first before scheduling a coaching session and we will advise you of these steps during class visits.

You can request a coaching session by sending a request through the Helpdesk.

What resources are available to help me find employment?

There is a wide range of tools and resources available in the DBS Careers Hub to help you with planning your career and finding employment.

Practical Queries

What is the weather like in Ireland?

Ireland enjoys a mildtemperate climate with warm summers and mild winters…for the most part. Weather extremes are very rare here. In wintertemperatures vary from 3 to 8 C. In summeraverages range from 12 to 18 and peak in the low 20's.

The one thing you can count on in Ireland is rain. December and January are the wettest months. Snowfall in winter tends to be light and typically lasts no more than a couple days. The summer periods can be very enjoyable with long evenings and mild conditions making it very pleasant for socialising outside during the weekends.

Will I need to bring my own winter clothes?

You should definitely bring clothes for the varying elements of the Irish climate. A good rain jacket will serve you very well in most circumstances. We would recommend that you also bring good footwear with you.

But do not worry about bringing loads of heavy items with youthere are loads of fashion and outdoor wear retailers within walking distance from the DBS campus. We have a wide variety of branded DBS clothing available from the Student Services Hubwhich includes jackethoody'sjumperstee'sand most important of all rain jackets.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Read more on What to Wear in Ireland from a popular blog.

Should I bring my own laptop or should I get one over there?

You can bring your own laptop to Irelandas most electrical items should work over here. However you may need to use an adapter if the plug sockets don't match with yours.

If you do want to get a laptop over herethere are a lot of options for you to purchase one at an electrical appliance store.

Which plug sockets are used in Ireland?

For Ireland the associated plug type is Gwhich is the plug that has three rectangular pins in a triangular pattern. Ireland operates on a 230V supply voltage and 50Hz.

Will my mobile phone work over in Ireland?

This depends on your network providerhowever most students register with one of the Irish networks when they arrive in Ireland. You can compare which of the networks is right for you by clicking here. Mobile data is probably the most important element in choosing a package that is right for youand there is great connectivity in Ireland.

Can I drink the tap water over there?

It is safe to drink tap water in Ireland.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Enjoying Ireland and Dublin

Can you give me advice on what I should do when I come to Ireland?

Check out our latest initiative from the Student Experience Team. This 'Passport Competition' at Dublin Business School is your ultimate guide to maximising your college experience with us. By visiting each of the places on our listyou will not only create unforgettable memoriesbut you will have a chance to win some other epic prizes.

Click here to read more about getting started on the competition.

Can you give me advice on cool places I can visit across Dublin?

Are you looking for advice from the Student Experience Team on where to go to have some fun across the cityor where the coolest places across the city are? Maybe you're looking for cheap spots for lunch near the campus? Or even where our favourite coffee shops are?

Well then make sure you check out our Student Experience Guide to our City Campus. This is a comprehensive guide covering everything you need to know as a student studying with us.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Medical Information

What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?

If you get sick while you're in Irelandhere are some steps you can take to ensure you receive the appropriate care and assistance:

Assess Your Condition: Determine the severity of your illness. If it's a minor ailment that you can manage with over-the-counter medicationyou might not need immediate medical attention. Howeverif your condition is serious or worseningseek medical help promptly.

Contact a Doctor or GP: If you need medical attentionyou can call a local doctor (General Practitioner or GP) to schedule an appointment. They can provide advicediagnose your conditionand recommend appropriate treatment.

Which Doctor or GP should I visit?

DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medical should students require a doctor's appointment. As many students may require a GP whilst studyingwe believe this partnership will be beneficial to students due to its close proximity to the DBS campus.

Dame Street Medical is now taking on new patients and registering is extremely easy. To register simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors.

To book an appointment:

Call (01 6790754)  or email damestreetmedicalcentre@gmail.com

Read more here.

What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?

Visit a Pharmacy: For minor illnesses or common ailmentsyou can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications. Pharmacists in Ireland can provide guidance on non-prescription remedies.

Hospital or Emergency Care: In case of a medical emergency or if your condition is severego to the nearest hospital emergency department. Dial 999 for emergency services in Ireland or 112 for emergency services in any European Country.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Travel Insurance: If you have travel insurancecontact your insurance provider to understand the coverage and procedures for seeking medical care. They can guide you on how to proceed and what documentation you might need.

Public Health Clinics: Depending on the nature of your illnessyou might be able to visit a public health clinic or urgent care center for non-emergencies.

Language Barrier: If English is not your first language and you're having trouble communicating your symptomsconsider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you to the medical facility.

Prescription Medication: If a doctor prescribes medicationyou can have it filled at a pharmacy. Keep in mind that some medications that are available over the counter in other countries might require a prescription in Ireland.

Rest and Hydration: Regardless of the severity of your illnessmake sure to reststay hydratedand follow any medical advice you receive.

Stay Informed : Keep up to date with local health advisoriesespecially if there are any specific health concerns or outbreaks in the area.

Remember that it's important to seek appropriate medical care when needed. If you're unsure about the best course of actiondon't hesitate to ask locals or staff at your accommodation for guidance. It's also recommended to have a basic understanding of your travel insurance coverage before you travel to ensure you know what to do in case of illness.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Cost of Living in Dublin as a DBS Student

Embarking on your academic journey at Dublin Business School is an exciting step. To ensure a smooth transition and a fulfilling student experienceunderstanding the cost of living in Dublin is essential. This guide provides a comprehensive overview of potential expenses and valuable budgeting tips.

Understanding Your Expenses:

The cost of living varies depending on your lifestyleaccommodation choicesand personal spending habits. Howeverit's crucial to have a realistic budget in place.

General Cost of Living Estimates:

It's recommended that students budget a minimum of €2,500 per month to cover basic living expenses in Dublin. Howeverthis is just a guidelineand actual costs may vary.

Annual / Once-off Costs

Item                                                           Cost     
---------------------------------
Flights                                                        Variable 
Irish Residence Permit (Non-EU / non-EEA / non-UK / non-Swiss) €300     
Laptop (if you have to purchase on arrival)                    €850     
New Bedding and Cooking Utensils                               €200     



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Monthly Costs

Item                                                  Lowest estimate   Highest estimate   
---------------
Accommodation                                         €1,000            €2,000             
Bill & Utilities                                      €80               €150               
Food                                                  €300              €500               
Local Travel (Student Leap Card)                      €40               €70                
Clothing and Hygiene                                  €100              €200               
Internet and Mobile                                   €25               €80                
Personal / Social                                     €90               €200               
Miscellaneous (medicalunforeseen expensestourism) €50               €150               
Gym/Sport & Recreation                                €30               €75                
Total                                                 €1,715            €3,425             

Key Expenses to Consider:

Accommodation:

This is typically the most significant expense. Options include private rentalsshared accommodationsor purpose-built student housing. Researching and securing accommodation well in advance is highly recommended.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Purpose built student accommodation: This costs between €275-450 per week.

Private rental: Costs vary widely depending on location and type of accommodation. Consult websites like Numbeo or Daft.ie for average rental prices.

Remember to factor in deposit costs (usually one month's rent) and potential utility setup fees.

Food:

Groceriesdining outand takeaway meals contribute to your monthly expenses. Cooking at home can significantly reduce costs.

Transportation:

Dublin's public transport system is efficient. Consider a Leap Card for discounted travel. Cycling or walking are also viable options.

Utilities:

If living in private accommodationbudget for electricitygasinternetand waste disposal (if living in private accommodation).

Personal Expenses:

This category includes clothingentertainmentsocial activitiesand personal care items.

Health Insurance:

Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students are required to have health insurance. Costs can range from €160 to €670 per year.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Irish Residence Permit (IRP):

Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students must register for an IRPwhich costs €300 per year.

Initial Setup Costs:

These include initial grocerieshousehold itemsand any necessary deposits.

Budgeting Tips for DBS Students:

Create a Detailed Budget:

Track your income and expenses to identify areas where you can save.

Utilize Student Discounts:

Take advantage of student discounts on transportationentertainmentand other services.

Cook at Home:

Preparing your own meals can significantly reduce food costs.

Explore Free Activities:

Dublin offers numerous free activitiessuch as parksmuseumsand cultural events.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Consider Part-Time Work:

If your visa allows (Stamp 2 visa)a part-time job can supplement your income. Remember to prioritize your studies. Students on a stamp 2 visa can work 20 hours a week during termand 40 hours a week during holidays.  The minimum wage in Ireland is currently €13.50 per hour.

Open a Bank Account:

Having an Irish bank account will make managing your finances easier. Consider opening a digital current account before travel.

Use Budgeting Apps:

Several apps can help you track your spending and create a budget.

Prepare for Unexpected Costs:

Set aside a portion of your budget for emergencies.

Research and compare costs:

Use websites like Numbeoand other cost of living websitesto get a good understanding of realistic costs.

Financial planning:

Do not rely on finding a job to fund your studies. Ensure you have enough funds before arriving in Ireland.