What is the name of the business school in Dublin? Dublin Business School Dublin Business School (DBS) specialises in the provision of career-focused business and law education as well as the delivery of contemporary programmes in the areas of creative media, marketing, counselling &amp; psychotherapy, humanities and psychology.
Who is the Graduate of Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? Peter Lowney Peter Lowney, Graduate of Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology
How long was the Higher Diploma in Psychology? two-year After completing the two-year Higher Diploma in Psychology, I felt I had an excellent basis for moving forward with a career in psychology, as well as being able to apply the techniques and methodologies from the course in my current career. It has also opened the door to a number of related fields in work such as HR.
What is Ireland's reputation as? Leading Independent College Reputation as Ireland's Leading Independent College
What is the level of education at Dublin Business School? third Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000, DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975, the College quickly established an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standards, offering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.
What country is Dublin Business School located in? Ireland Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000, DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975, the College quickly established an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standards, offering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.
How many students attend DBS? over 9,000 Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000, DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975, the College quickly established an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standards, offering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.
What is Dublin Business School's official name? DBS Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000, DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975, the College quickly established an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standards, offering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.
Along with Accreditation, what is another name for Accreditation? Recognition Recognition and Accreditation
What does the QQI sit on? the National Framework of Qualification Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the underlying framework of Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI)? The National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the underlying framework of Quality and Qualifications Ireland? the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the underlying framework of Quality and Qualifications Ireland? the National Framework of Qualification NFQ Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the acronym for the National Framework of Qualification? NFQ Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the full form of NFQ National Framework of Qualification Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the purpose of Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI)? To create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland. Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the purpose of National Framework of Qualification? To create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland. Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
Where is the National Framework of Qualification located? Ireland Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What organization awards postgraduate programmes? Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
What is the Irish acronym for Quality and Qualifications Ireland? QQI Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.
Who recognizes the awards? the Department of Education These awards are recognised by the Department of Education, employers and all of the major higher education institutions.
Who recognizes the QQI awards the Department of Education These awards are recognised by the Department of Education, employers and all of the major higher education institutions.
How many stars did DBS achieve overall in the QS Stars Rating System? DBS achieved an overall rating of 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.
For which categories did DBS earn the highest rating in the QS Stars assessment? DBS earned the highest rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness. DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.
List the areas where DBS received a 4-Star rating in addition to its overall score. DBS received 4 Stars in Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.
Why is the QS Stars recognition important for DBS? It is considered one of the most credible and influential ratings globally for higher education institutions, placing DBS in an exclusive group worldwide. DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.
What global recognition has DBS recently attained? DBS has joined an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide through its QS Stars rating. DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.
What institution has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes College DBS has established a considerable international reputation for the quality of its programmes. This recognition has been achieved both at government level and on an individual student basis. The College has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes.
How many countries have participated in the DBS College's programs? 120 DBS has established a considerable international reputation for the quality of its programmes. This recognition has been achieved both at government level and on an individual student basis. The College has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes.
What college has established a reputation for its quality programs? DBS DBS has established a considerable international reputation for the quality of its programmes. This recognition has been achieved both at government level and on an individual student basis. The College has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes.
What is the name of the university that provides postgraduate support to students? DBS Feedback from students indicates that they value the student focus that our lecturers and support staff offer. At DBS, this is the key factor in our service delivery. We recognise that you may need different types of support as you progress through your studies to postgraduate level, be it academic direction, career advice, mentoring or personal attention. We offer a comprehensive service in these areas to our postgraduate students. The option to study most of our postgraduate course on a full-time or part-time basis allows you to tailor your study to your situation.
What should be integrated with a stimulating social scene? Academia In DBS we take a holistic view to college life. Academia should be integrated with a stimulating social scene. The work/study balance is something we at DBS regard as being important. Accordingly, we organise, through our dedicated student services department, a range of social, sports, societies and developmental activities for postgraduate students.
What college does it take a holistic view of college life? DBS In DBS we take a holistic view to college life. Academia should be integrated with a stimulating social scene. The work/study balance is something we at DBS regard as being important. Accordingly, we organise, through our dedicated student services department, a range of social, sports, societies and developmental activities for postgraduate students.
What city is DBS located in? Dublin A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.
Where is DBS located in relation to St. Stephen's Green? DBS is a mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green. A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.
Which public transport options are near DBS? DBS is close to the Luas and all main bus routes. A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.
Which streets are DBS's educational sites located on? They are located on Aungier Street and South Great George's Street. A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.
Why is DBS campus considered very accessible for part-time students? Because it is located in the city centre, making it easily reachable for part-time students working in Dublin. A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.
When was the Education and Training Act passed? 2012 For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan, Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.
What legal act covers DBS courses under the Protection of Enrolled Learners (PEL) provision? The Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, Section 65 (4). For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan, Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.
Who is the guarantor for DBS under the Protection of Enrolled Learners provision? Kaplan, Inc. For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan, Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.
What happens if a Trigger Event occurs for a DBS course covered under PEL? The Guarantor, Kaplan, Inc., will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers. For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan, Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.
What is considered a Trigger Event at DBS? A Trigger Event occurs when DBS does not provide the Programme for any reason, including insolvency or winding-up, or when enrolled learners have started but not completed a Programme and DBS ceases to provide it, or when QQI withdraws validation of a Programme under specific sections of the Act. Trigger Event means: where DBS does not provide the Programme for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBS, and/or where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that Programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBS, and/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7), section 47 , or section 59(7) of the Act.
Can a Trigger Event occur if learners have started a programme but it is not completed? Yes, if enrolled learners have started a Programme but it is not completed because DBS ceases to provide it for any reason, it is considered a Trigger Event. Trigger Event means: where DBS does not provide the Programme for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBS, and/or where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that Programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBS, and/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7), section 47 , or section 59(7) of the Act.
Does withdrawal of validation by QQI count as a Trigger Event? Yes, withdrawal of validation of a Programme by QQI under section 36(7), section 47, or section 59(7) of the Act is considered a Trigger Event. Trigger Event means: where DBS does not provide the Programme for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBS, and/or where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that Programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBS, and/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7), section 47 , or section 59(7) of the Act.
What was the former name of the Dublin Business School? Accountancy and Business College , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
What was the former name of the DBS? Accountancy and Business College , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
What was the former name of the Dublin Business School or DBS? Accountancy and Business College , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
When did the School begin providing accounting, marketing and banking programmes? the mid-1980s , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
When did the School begin providing accounting, marketing and banking programs? the mid-1980s , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
When was the School established? 1975 , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
When was the Dublin Business School established? 1975 , Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
What is the purpose of the Learner Supports Service at DBS? The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.For full details please see the QAH Sec tion 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.
What is the purpose of the Learner Supports at DBS? The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.For full details please see the QAH Sec tion 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.
Where can more information on the Learner Supports Service be found? More information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website at https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support. The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.For full details please see the QAH Sec tion 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.
Which policy contains full details of supports for learners with additional needs? Full details can be found in QAH Section 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.For full details please see the QAH Sec tion 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.
When should students with specific needs register for support? Students with specific needs should register upon commencement of their programme. It is important for students with specific physical or learning needs to register upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register or to discuss any issues relating to specific accommodations, contact the Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate report from a relevant expert such as a medical consultant or educational psychologist. The Learner Supports Coordinator will maintain strict confidentiality unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
How can students contact the Learner Supports Coordinator? They can contact by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. It is important for students with specific physical or learning needs to register upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register or to discuss any issues relating to specific accommodations, contact the Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate report from a relevant expert such as a medical consultant or educational psychologist. The Learner Supports Coordinator will maintain strict confidentiality unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
What is required for an assessment of additional support needs? An appropriate report from a relevant expert such as a medical consultant or educational psychologist. It is important for students with specific physical or learning needs to register upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register or to discuss any issues relating to specific accommodations, contact the Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate report from a relevant expert such as a medical consultant or educational psychologist. The Learner Supports Coordinator will maintain strict confidentiality unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
contact number of the Learner Supports Coordinator? They can contact by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. It is important for students with specific physical or learning needs to register upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register or to discuss any issues relating to specific accommodations, contact the Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate report from a relevant expert such as a medical consultant or educational psychologist. The Learner Supports Coordinator will maintain strict confidentiality unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
Where is the Library located? Aungier Street It is  important  for  students  with specific physical or  learning  needs  to  register  upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register  or  to  discuss  any  issues  relating  to  specific  accommodations,  contact  the  Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate  report  from  a  relevant  expert  such  as  a  medical  consultant  or  educational psychologist.  The  Learner  Supports  Coordinator  will  maintain  strict  confidentiality  unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
What is the location of the library? Aungier Street It is  important  for  students  with specific physical or  learning  needs  to  register  upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register  or  to  discuss  any  issues  relating  to  specific  accommodations,  contact  the  Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate  report  from  a  relevant  expert  such  as  a  medical  consultant  or  educational psychologist.  The  Learner  Supports  Coordinator  will  maintain  strict  confidentiality  unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.
Can students at private colleges apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities? No, students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities. Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, assistive technologies, etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.
Who administers the Fund for Students with Disabilities? The Fund for Students with Disabilities is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA). Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, assistive technologies, etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.
What kinds of accommodations are covered by the Fund for Students with Disabilities? Accommodations such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, and assistive technologies are covered. Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, assistive technologies, etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.
Will DBS still try to meet the needs of students with disabilities despite these funding limitations? Yes, Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints. Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, assistive technologies, etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.
What is the main mandate of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students and support the international activities of Irish education institutions. Education in Ireland whose mandate and objectives are: To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students, to promote and support the international activities of Irish education institutions.
What role does Education in Ireland play in relation to Irish education expertise? It promotes Irish education expertise as a valuable resource for international institutions, development agencies, and governments. Education in Ireland promotes Irish education expertise as a valuable resource for international institutions, development agencies and governments.
What must a student do before applying for an Irish visa after admission to DBS? Pay their tuition fees in full to the College prior to making the visa application. If you have been accepted for admission to DBS we will provide you with guidance on your Irish visa application. You are required to pay your tuition fees in full to the College prior to making your visa application.
Where must non-EU students register upon arrival in Ireland? With the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. Upon arrival in Ireland all non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study.
How many hours per week can non-EU international students work during term time in Ireland? Up to 20 hours per week. International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week during term time.
Are non-EU students allowed to work full-time during holiday periods? Yes, up to 40 hours per week during scheduled holiday periods. International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week, or fulltime up to 40 hours during scheduled holiday periods.
What financial proof is required when applying for a student visa for Ireland? Applicants must show they have sufficient resources to support themselves for the duration of their studies; potential earnings from part-time work are not considered. If applying for a student visa for Ireland, you must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies. The Visa Office will not consider potential earnings from part-time work.
What support does the International Student Services Team at DBS provide? They provide registration and orientation, immigration services and advice, international student letters, accommodation advice, general advice and support, social and cultural activities, and further study information. The International Student Services Team offers Registration and Orientation, Immigration Services and Advice, International Student Letters, Accommodation Advice, General Advice and Support, Social and Cultural Activities, and Further Study Information.
How many years has DBS established itself as a center for international education excellence? Over the last 46 years. DBS has over the last 46 years established itself as a center for international education excellence.
How many university partnerships has DBS developed in Europe? Over 75 university partnerships. DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries such as France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Lithuania, Norway and Sweden.
What reasons do European students give for choosing DBS? Quality of teaching, excellent location, wide range of sports and activities available, and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country. European students choose DBS due to the quality of teaching, the excellent location, the wide range of sports and activities available and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country.
What is ISEG and what opportunity does it provide to students? ISEG is a group of seven business schools in France, and its students can take the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or Masters programmes at DBS as part of their studies. ISEG, France: A prestigious group of seven business schools located in Paris, Lille, Strasbourg, Lyon, Toulouse, Bordeaux and Nantes. Students from ISEG can take the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or Masters programmes at DBS.
What kind of programme does DBS offer to US undergraduate students? A Study Abroad Programme with an initial Foundation Course on Ireland followed by integration into various courses in the DBS School of Business and DBS School of Arts. DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from across the US, starting with a Foundation Course on Ireland.
What is the collaboration between DBS and Xiamen University? An Articulation Agreement allowing Xiamen graduates to continue their studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree award from QQI in Accounting and Finance or Financial Services. DBS announced approval by the Chinese Ministry of Education of an Articulation Agreement with Xiamen University.
What is the UPAEP Academic Collaboration with MARA, Malaysia? A transnational collaborative agreement delivering the DBS BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance programme at KPTM in Malaysia. In 2014, DBS approved a transnational collaborative agreement with MARA for delivering the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance in KPTM, Malaysia.
How many Malaysian students have graduated with DBS qualifications through the MARA collaboration? Over 1,300 Malaysian students. The relationship with MARA since the early 1990s has resulted in over 1,300 Malaysian students graduating with DBS qualifications.
What is FAE Brazil’s role in DBS partnerships? FAE Brazil is a leading provider of business and management education partnering with DBS. FAE Brazil joins forces with DBS as a leading provider of business and management education.
What programs does EU Business School offer in partnership with DBS? BA (Hons) in Business and a Master of Business Administration (MBA). EU Business School offers DBS degree programmes including BA (Hons) in Business and MBA.
What is notable about EU Business School's campuses? They are located in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich and online, and the school is professionally accredited and highly ranked globally. EU Business School has campuses in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich and online, and is highly ranked and accredited.
What is Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla? A private, non-profit university in Puebla, Mexico with over 43 undergraduate, 34 masters, 12 PhD, and 11 specialisation programs. Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla is a highly reputed private university offering numerous programs.
What is the partnership between DBS and University of New York in Prague (UNYP)? It enables DBS to offer new postgraduate degrees in Prague, helping develop an international ethos and reach. DBS partnered with UNYP to bring new postgraduate degrees to Prague.
What are the main objectives of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students; support international activities of Irish education institutions; act as a national contact point between Irish education services and the international marketplace; promote Irish education expertise globally; and liaise with education interests and government to remove barriers in international education. Education in Ireland's mandate includes promoting Ireland as a quality destination for students and supporting international education.
What must non-EU students do upon arrival in Ireland? Register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. All non-EU students are required to register with GNIB upon arrival in Ireland.
How can non-EU students get help with the Irish visa process at DBS? The International Team at DBS will help guide them through the visa and immigration registration process. DBS International Team assists non-EU students with visa and GNIB registration.
What are the work restrictions for international non-EU students in Ireland? They can work up to 20 hours per week during term time and up to 40 hours per week during scheduled holiday periods. Non-EU students are entitled to work up to 20 hours weekly during term and full-time during holidays.
Are earnings from part-time work considered when applying for an Irish student visa? No, the visa office does not consider potential earnings from part-time work when assessing financial resources. Students must show sufficient resources at visa application time without counting possible part-time earnings.
What learning environment does DBS offer international students? A learning environment and experience that explicitly meets the needs and expectations of international students. DBS offers a tailored learning environment for international students.
What services does the International Student Services Team at DBS provide? Registration and Orientation, Immigration Services and Advice, International Student Letters, Accommodation Advice, General Advice and Support, Social and Cultural Activities, and Further Study Information. The International Student Services Team supports international students with various services.
How many university partnerships has DBS established in Europe? DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries. DBS has over 75 university partnerships in European countries such as France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Lithuania, Norway, and Sweden.
Why do European students choose DBS? Because of the quality of teaching, excellent location, wide range of sports and activities, and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English-speaking country. Feedback indicates European students choose DBS for quality teaching and the overall experience.
What is the relationship between DBS and ISEG in France? DBS has a close strategic alliance with ISEG, allowing students to take the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or Masters programmes at DBS. DBS and ISEG have a strategic alliance involving several French business schools.
Which French business school network is linked with DBS? EGC (Écoles de Gestion et de Commerce), a network of 28 French Business Schools linked with DBS since 2002. DBS has formed close links with EGC since 2002 welcoming their students annually.
What is CEU Madrid known for? It is the oldest private university in Spain offering BA, Double Degrees, and Postgraduate courses in Economics, Business, Communication, Humanities, Architecture, Engineering, and Health Sciences. CEU San Pablo University of Madrid is a prestigious private Spanish university.
What are the areas of specialization at IULM University in Milan? Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism, and Cultural Heritage. IULM University specializes in arts, languages, communication, tourism, and cultural heritage.
What is the DBS US Study Abroad Programme? A programme for undergraduate US students involving a Foundation Course on Ireland and courses in DBS School of Business and School of Arts. DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme for US undergraduates integrating Foundation and DBS courses.
What documents should EU applicants submit for Masters programmes at DBS? Academic transcripts (original and official English translation if needed), proof of identification, detailed CV, proof of English proficiency where applicable. EU applicants should submit transcripts, ID, CV, and proof of English for Masters programmes.
Are EU applicants who previously attended DBS required to provide academic transcripts again? No, applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide academic transcripts. Previous DBS attendance exempts applicants from submitting transcripts again.
What additional documents are required from Non-EU applicants residing in Ireland? A copy of GNIB card, work permit (if applicable), passport, and letter from the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform. Non-EU applicants residing in Ireland must provide immigration documents and departmental letters.
Where can applications be submitted for DBS programmes? Applications can be submitted online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the Admissions Office for an application form. DBS accepts applications online or via Admissions Office contact.
What additional references do Non-EU applicants need to provide? Academic and business references, ideally one academic and one business reference, except for Business programmes where they are not required. Non-EU applicants must provide references unless applying for Business programmes.
What is the contact information for the Postgraduate Admissions Office at DBS? Address: 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2; Phone: +353 1 4177500; Email: admissions@dbs.ie. Postgraduate Admissions Office contact details for DBS.
What is the contact information for the International Admissions Office at DBS? Address: 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2, Ireland; Phone: +353 1 4177500; Email: international@dbs.ie. International Admissions Office contact details for DBS.
What is the awarding body for the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI). The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS is awarded by Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI).
What level is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? NFQ Level 8 studies. The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS is at NFQ Level 8.
What is the duration of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme at DBS? Full-Time: 2 Years, Part-Time: 2 Years. The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme at DBS is offered full-time or part-time over 2 years.
Who is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology designed for? Non-Psychology graduates and those seeking a professional career or postgraduate study in Psychology. The Higher Diploma is for non-Psychology graduates aiming for a career or further study in Psychology.
What are some of the Year 1 modules in the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? History and Schools in Psychology, Research Technique and Analysis 1, Cognitive Psychology, Foundations in Developmental and Social Psychology, Behaviour Analysis, Research Technique and Analysis 2, Experimental Psychology, Ethical Research Methods and Design. Year 1 of the Higher Diploma includes foundational psychology and research modules.
What are some of the Year 2 modules in the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? Personality and Individual Differences, Health Psychology, Biopsychology, Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology, Mental Health and Distress. Year 2 covers advanced psychology topics and mental health.
What is the professional significance of completing the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? Graduates may be eligible to apply to postgraduate training courses in Psychology and gain employment in their chosen specialization. Completion of the Higher Diploma is a step toward professional psychology training and employment.
What documents are required for Masters Programme applications at DBS for EU applicants? Academic Transcripts (original and official English translation if issued in another language), Proof of Identification (driver's licence or passport), Detailed Curriculum Vitae, Proof of English language proficiency if applicable. Masters Programme applications for EU applicants require academic transcripts, ID, CV, and proof of English.
Do applicants who have previously attended DBS need to provide academic transcripts again? No, applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide academic transcripts again. Previous DBS attendees are exempt from resubmitting academic transcripts.
What additional documents must non-EU applicants residing in Ireland provide for Masters applications? A copy of the GNIB card, work permit (if applicable), passport, and the letter from the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform explaining the provision of these documents. Non-EU residents in Ireland must submit GNIB card, work permit, passport, and a specific government letter.
Where can application forms for DBS programmes be obtained? Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the Admissions Office for an application form. Application forms are available online or via the Admissions Office.
What documents are non-EU applicants required to submit for programme applications at DBS? Academic Transcripts (with official English translation if applicable), Proof of Identification (passport), Detailed Curriculum Vitae, Proof of English proficiency, Academic/business references (except for Business programmes), and copies of GNIB card and work permit if applicable. Non-EU applicants must submit transcripts, ID, CV, English proof, references, and immigration documents.
Are academic/business references required for Business programmes for non-EU applicants at DBS? No, academic/business references are not required for Business programmes for non-EU applicants. Business programmes exempt non-EU applicants from submitting references.
Who should be contacted for further information about postgraduate admissions at DBS? The Postgraduate Admissions Office at Dublin Business School, 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2; Phone: +353 1 4177500; Email: admissions@dbs.ie. The Postgraduate Admissions Office handles enquiries about postgraduate admissions.
Who should be contacted for further information about international admissions at DBS? The International Admissions Office at Dublin Business School, 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2; Phone: +353 1 4177500; Email: international@dbs.ie. The International Admissions Office handles enquiries about international admissions.
What is the awarding body for the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI). The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is awarded by QQI.
At what NFQ level is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology offered? NFQ Level 8. The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is at NFQ Level 8.
What is the duration of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme at DBS? Full-Time 2 years or Part-Time 2 years. The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is offered full-time or part-time over 2 years.
Who is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology suited for? Non-Psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in Psychology. The programme is designed for non-Psychology graduates and career changers.
What is the significance of completing the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? It represents the necessary first step to becoming a professional psychologist and allows graduates to apply for postgraduate training courses. Completion is the first step toward becoming a professional psychologist.
Name some of the subjects covered in Year 1 of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS. History and Schools in Psychology, Research Technique and Analysis 1, Cognitive Psychology, Foundations in Developmental and Social Psychology, Behaviour Analysis, Research Technique and Analysis 2, Experimental Psychology, Ethical Research Methods and Design. Year 1 covers foundational psychology and research methods.
Name some of the subjects covered in Year 2 of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS. Personality and Individual Differences, Health Psychology, Biopsychology, Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology, Mental Health and Distress. Year 2 focuses on advanced topics in psychology.
What is the mandate of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students and support international activities of Irish education institutions. Education in Ireland promotes Ireland as a quality destination and supports Irish education institutions internationally.
Who should non-EU students contact for help with Irish visa applications at DBS? The International Team at Dublin Business School. The International Team helps non-EU students with visa applications and registration.
What must non-EU students do upon arrival in Ireland to study at DBS? Register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland. Non-EU students must register with GNIB upon arrival.
Are international non-EU students in Ireland allowed to work during their studies? Yes, up to 20 hours per week during term and full-time during scheduled holidays. International non-EU students can work part-time during term and full-time during holidays.
What is required to prove financial resources when applying for a student visa for Ireland? Applicants must show they have sufficient resources to support themselves for the duration of their studies, without counting potential earnings from part-time work. Visa applicants must demonstrate financial support independent of part-time earnings.
Does the Irish student visa offer a 'stay back' option for graduates? Yes, for many courses DBS offers a stay back option for graduates. Graduates of many DBS courses have a stay back option.
What services does the International Student Services Team at DBS provide? Registration and Orientation, Immigration Services and Advice, International Student Letters, Accommodation Advice, General Advice and Support, Social and Cultural Activities, Further Study Information. The International Student Services Team provides comprehensive support services.
How many university partnerships has DBS developed in Europe? DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries. DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries such as France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Lithuania, Norway, and Sweden.
Why do European students choose DBS? Because of the quality of teaching, excellent location, wide range of sports and activities, and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English-speaking country. European students choose DBS due to quality teaching, location, activities, and internationally recognised qualifications.
What is the relationship between DBS and ISEG in France? DBS has a close strategic alliance with ISEG, a group of seven business schools in France, allowing ISEG students to take final year or Masters programmes at DBS. DBS has a strategic alliance with ISEG, offering joint study opportunities.
What is EGC and what is its connection with DBS? EGC is a network of 28 French Business Schools, and DBS welcomes students from EGC annually for international study experiences. EGC network collaborates with DBS for student exchange.
What programs does CEU San Pablo University of Madrid offer? BA (Hons), Double Degrees, and Postgraduate courses in Economics, Business, Communication, Humanities, Architecture, Engineering, and Health Sciences. CEU San Pablo University offers diverse programs and collaborates with DBS.
What is IULM University known for? IULM University in Milan specializes in Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism, and Cultural Heritage. IULM University focuses on arts and communication disciplines.
What US programme does DBS offer? DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from the US, including a Foundation Course and integration into business and arts courses. DBS provides a US Study Abroad Programme with foundation and degree courses.
What is the significance of the articulation agreement with Xiamen University, China? It allows Xiamen graduates to continue studies at DBS and earn a BA (Hons) Degree in Accounting and Finance or Financial Services. Articulation agreement enables Chinese students to obtain DBS degrees.
What collaboration exists between DBS and MARA in Malaysia? A transnational agreement delivers the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance at KPTM in Malaysia with over 1,300 Malaysian graduates from DBS qualifications. DBS collaborates with MARA for degree delivery in Malaysia.
What programs will EU Business School offer through DBS partnership? BA (Hons) in Business and a Master of Business Administration (MBA). DBS and EU Business School partnership offers business and MBA programs.
Where is EU Business School located? Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich, and online. EU Business School operates in multiple international campuses.
What type of institution is Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla? A private, non-profit university in Puebla, Mexico, offering numerous undergraduate, masters, PhD, and specialization programs. UPAEP is a reputed private university collaborating with DBS.
What postgraduate degrees partnership does DBS have with University of New York in Prague? DBS and UNYP partnership enables new postgraduate degrees in Prague, enhancing international reach and reputation. DBS and UNYP collaborate for postgraduate education in Prague.
Where can prospective students find more information about applying to DBS? On the DBS website at www.dbs.ie. More information on applying to DBS is available on their website www.dbs.ie.
What should applicants submit along with the completed application form? A copy of the original academic transcripts or certificate. Applicants must submit a completed application form and a copy of original academic transcripts or certificates.
What is the general fee for applying to DBS? €40 for undergraduate and €70 for postgraduate programs. The application fee is €40 for undergraduate and €70 for postgraduate.
How can application fees be paid? Via credit or debit card through the DBS website, or by cheque or postal order payable to Dublin Business School. Application fees can be paid online or by cheque/postal order.
What is required if a candidate's academic documents are in a language other than English or Irish? Certified English translations of those documents must be provided. Candidates must provide certified English translations if documents are not in English or Irish.
Who can complete the academic reference for applicants? An academic referee or a professional referee (such as a previous employer or tutor) who knows the candidate. Academic or professional referees familiar with the applicant complete references.
When should applicants expect a decision after submitting their application? Applications are usually processed within 4 to 6 weeks. Application processing takes approximately 4 to 6 weeks.
What are the English language requirements for international students? Applicants must meet the minimum English language requirements, such as IELTS or equivalent scores. International students must satisfy English proficiency standards like IELTS.
Can applicants submit their application online? Yes, applications can be submitted online via the DBS website. DBS allows online submission of applications.
Is there an application deadline for programs at DBS? Application deadlines vary depending on the program, but early application is encouraged. DBS encourages early application; deadlines vary by program.
What documents must Non-EU applicants submit with their application to DBS? Academic transcripts (original and official English translation if issued in another language), proof of identification (passport), detailed Curriculum Vitae, proof of English proficiency, academic/business references (except for Business programmes), and a copy of GNIB card and work permit if applicable. Non-EU applicants must submit academic transcripts, ID, CV, English proof, references (except Business), and immigration documents.
Are academic/business references required for Non-EU applicants applying for Business programmes? No, academic/business references are not required for Business programmes. References are generally required except for Business programmes.
What should Non-EU applicants with residency in Ireland include in their application? A copy of their GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) card, work permit (if applicable), passport, and the letter issued by the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform explaining their documentation. Non-EU applicants residing in Ireland must include GNIB card, work permit, passport, and official letter.
Where should Non-EU applicants send their application and documents? To the Postgraduate Admissions Office at Dublin Business School, 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2. Applications should be submitted to the Postgraduate Admissions Office at DBS address.
Can Non-EU applicants apply online? Yes, applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the International Admissions Office for an application form. Non-EU applicants can apply online or request an application form from the International Admissions Office.
Who can applicants contact for more information about international applications? The International Admissions Office at Dublin Business School, via phone +353 1 4177500 or email international@dbs.ie. International Admissions Office provides further information and assistance.
What is the awarding body for the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology at DBS? Quality & Qualifications Ireland (QQI). The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is awarded by QQI.
What NFQ level is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? NFQ Level 8. The Higher Diploma represents NFQ Level 8 studies.
How long is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme at DBS? It is a 2-year full-time or 2-year part-time programme. The programme duration is 2 years, either full-time or part-time.
Who is the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology suited to? Non-Psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in Psychology. The programme is designed for non-Psychology graduates and career/postgraduate seekers.
What are some of the Year 1 modules in the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? History and Schools in Psychology, Research Technique and Analysis 1, Cognitive Psychology, Foundations in Developmental and Social Psychology, Behaviour Analysis, Research Technique and Analysis 2, Experimental Psychology, Ethical Research Methods and Design. Year 1 covers foundational psychology subjects including history, research, cognitive psychology, and ethics.
What are some of the Year 2 modules in the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? Personality and Individual Differences, Health Psychology, Biopsychology, Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology, Mental Health and Distress. Year 2 includes advanced topics such as personality, health psychology, biopsychology, and mental health.
What is the significance of completing the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology? Graduates may be eligible to apply to postgraduate training courses in their chosen specialisation and ultimately gain employment in their area of expertise. Completion opens opportunities for postgraduate training and professional employment.
How many university partnerships has DBS developed over the last 46 years? DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries. DBS has established over 75 university partnerships across Europe.
Why do European students choose DBS for their studies? Because of the quality of teaching, excellent location, wide range of sports and activities, and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country. European students choose DBS for its teaching quality, location, activities, and qualifications.
Which prestigious group of business schools in France has a close strategic alliance with DBS? ISEG, a group of seven business schools located in Paris, Lille, Strasbourg, Lyon, Toulouse, Bordeaux, and Nantes. DBS has a strategic alliance with ISEG in France.
What opportunity does the alliance with ISEG provide to their students? Students from the ISEG group can take the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or a number of Masters programmes at DBS. ISEG students can study final year or Masters programmes at DBS.
What is EGC in France and its connection with DBS? EGC is a network of 28 reputable French Business Schools linked to DBS since 2002, with students joining DBS for international study experience. EGC is a French Business School network collaborating with DBS.
Which university in Milan, Italy, is mentioned as a partner of DBS? IULM University, Milan, Italy. DBS has partnerships including IULM University in Milan.
What is notable about CEU San Pablo University of Madrid? Founded in 1933, it is the oldest private university in Spain offering BA, Double Degrees, and Postgraduate programs in various fields. CEU Madrid is Spain's oldest private university and a DBS partner.
What is the US Study Abroad Programme offered by DBS? A programme for US undergraduate students involving an initial Foundation Course on Ireland and integration into DBS courses in Business and Arts. DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme for US students.
What is the significance of the articulation agreement with Xiamen University, China? It allows Xiamen graduates to continue their studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree award from QQI in Accounting and Finance or Financial Services. DBS has an articulation agreement with Xiamen University.
What collaborative agreement does DBS have with MARA, Malaysia? A transnational collaborative agreement delivering the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance in KPTM, Malaysia. DBS collaborates with MARA for delivering Accounting and Finance programmes.
Who is FAE Centro Universitário, and what is their relation to DBS? A Brazilian institution focused on business and management education that collaborates with DBS. DBS partners with FAE Centro Universitário in Brazil.
What is EU Business School and its agreement with DBS? An internationally accredited business school with campuses in Europe; DBS signed an agreement to offer programmes including BA (Hons) in Business and MBA. DBS partners with EU Business School to offer business programmes.
What collaboration exists between DBS and University of New York in Prague (UNYP)? A partnership to bring new postgraduate degrees to Prague and develop DBS’s international reach. DBS and UNYP collaborate on postgraduate degree offerings.
Where is Dublin Business School located? Dublin Business School is located in the heart of Dublin City Centre. The College is located in the heart of Dublin City Centre.
What modes of transport are available to reach DBS campus? The campus is easily accessible by bus, train, or Luas light rail system. The campus is easily accessible by bus, train or Luas light rail system.
What facilities does the DBS campus provide for students? DBS campus offers lecture theatres, computer rooms, a library with open access PCs, student common rooms, canteen, cafeteria, and coffee shops. The campus has lecture theatres, computer rooms, a library with open access PCs, student common rooms, canteen, cafeteria, and coffee shops.
What sports facilities are available at DBS? Students can use the sports facilities and gym in Dublin City University (DCU), close to DBS. Students have access to the sports facilities and gym in DCU.
How does DBS support students in applying for accommodation? DBS provides guidance and support to students applying for accommodation through its Accommodation Office. DBS Accommodation Office provides guidance and support for accommodation applications.
What are the accommodation options for DBS students? Options include Halls of Residence, shared houses or apartments, homestays, and private rented accommodation. Accommodation options include Halls of Residence, shared houses or apartments, homestays, and private rented accommodation.
Where is the DBS library located? The DBS library is situated on the main campus. DBS library is located on the main campus.
What kind of study spaces does DBS library offer? It offers quiet study areas, group study rooms, and open access computers. DBS library offers quiet study areas, group rooms, and open access PCs.
What technology resources are available to DBS students? Students have access to Wi-Fi across the campus and a dedicated IT support team. DBS provides campus-wide Wi-Fi and dedicated IT support.
Are there any student societies or clubs at DBS? Yes, DBS has numerous student societies and clubs catering to a variety of interests. DBS has many student societies and clubs.
What is the mandate of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students and support the international activities of Irish education institutions. Education in Ireland's mandate is to promote Ireland as a quality destination for students and support the international activities of Irish education institutions.
How does Education in Ireland act as a national point of contact? It acts as a national point of contact and referral to and from Irish suppliers of education services and the international marketplace. Education in Ireland acts as a national point of contact and referral to and from Irish suppliers of education services and the international marketplace.
What kind of support does DBS provide to students accepted for admission regarding visas? DBS provides guidance on the Irish visa application process to accepted students. If you have been accepted for admission to DBS we will provide you with guidance on your Irish visa application.
When must tuition fees be paid by international students applying for a visa? Tuition fees must be paid in full to the College prior to making the visa application. You are required to pay your tuition fees in full to the College prior to making your visa application.
What must all non-EU students do upon arrival in Ireland? All non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. Upon arrival in Ireland all non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB).
Who assists international students with the GNIB registration process at DBS? The International Team at DBS helps students through the GNIB registration process. The International Team will help you through this process.
Where can students find further details on the Irish visa process? Further details can be requested from the local Irish Embassy or Consulate or found at the Irish Naturalization and Immigration Service (INIS) website www.inis.gov.ie. Further details on the Irish visa process can be requested from your local Irish Embassy or Consulate, or found at www.inis.gov.ie.
How many hours per week can international non-EU students work during term time in Ireland? International non-EU students can work up to 20 hours per week during term time. International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week.
Can international students work full-time during holidays in Ireland? Yes, they can work full-time up to 40 hours per week during scheduled holiday periods. International non-EU students can work full-time up to 40 hours during scheduled holiday periods.
What courses are eligible for work access for international students? Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalization Register. Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalization Register.
What financial requirement must students show when applying for a student visa to Ireland? Students must show they have sufficient resources to support themselves for the duration of their studies; potential earnings from part-time work are not considered. At visa application time, students must show sufficient resources to support themselves; potential earnings from part-time work are not taken into account.
Does the Irish student visa offer a 'stay back' option for graduates? Yes, the Irish student visa permits a 'stay back' option for graduates of many DBS courses. The Irish student visa permits students a 'stay back' option for graduates of many of our courses.
What services does the International Student Services Team at DBS provide? They provide registration and orientation, immigration services and advice, international student letters, accommodation advice, general support, social and cultural activities, and further study information. The International Student Services Team offers registration and orientation, immigration services and advice, letters, accommodation advice, support, social activities, and further study info.
What subjects does the School of Arts at Dublin Business School cover? The School of Arts covers subjects including Media, Film, Journalism, Music, and Performing Arts. The School of Arts at Dublin Business School covers subjects including Media, Film, Journalism, Music and Performing Arts.
What type of courses are offered by the School of Arts at DBS? The School of Arts offers a range of courses from level 6 Certificate to level 9 Postgraduate Diploma and Masters degree. The School of Arts offers a range of courses from level 6 Certificate to level 9 Postgraduate Diploma and Masters degree.
How do the courses in the School of Arts combine practical and academic learning? The courses combine academic rigour with practical, vocational learning and many have a professional focus. These courses combine academic rigour with practical, vocational learning and many have a professional focus.
Who are the students in the School of Arts at DBS? Students include those seeking to enter the media and creative industries as well as those who want to develop media and communications knowledge. Students include those seeking to enter the media and creative industries as well as those who want to develop media and communications knowledge.
What practical opportunities are available to students in the School of Arts? Students have opportunities to engage in practical production, professional internships, and work placements. Students have opportunities to engage in practical production, professional internships and work placements.
What modern facilities does the School of Arts at DBS provide? The School provides modern, purpose-built studios and media laboratories with access to up-to-date technologies. The School provides modern, purpose-built studios and media laboratories with access to up-to-date technologies.
What types of careers do graduates from the School of Arts pursue? Graduates pursue careers in the creative, cultural and media industries, including TV, film, music, publishing, journalism, advertising, and digital media. Graduates pursue careers in the creative, cultural and media industries, including TV, film, music, publishing, journalism, advertising and digital media.
What is the mandate of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students, support the international activities of Irish education institutions, act as a national contact and referral point, promote Irish education expertise internationally, and liaise with government to remove barriers to the international education sector. Education in Ireland whose mandate and objectives are: To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students, To promote and support the international activities of Irish education institutions, To act as a national point of contact and referral to and from Irish suppliers of education services and the international market place, To promote Irish education expertise as a valuable resource for international institutions, development agencies and governments, To liaise with education interests and government to identify and remove barriers to the development of the international education sector.
What must a student do before applying for an Irish visa if accepted by DBS? Students are required to pay their tuition fees in full to DBS prior to making their visa application. If you have been accepted for admission to DBS we will provide you with guidance on your Irish visa application. You are required to pay your tuition fees in full to the College prior to making your visa application.
What must non-EU students do upon arrival in Ireland? All non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. Upon arrival in Ireland all non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study.
Who helps international students with the Irish visa and immigration process at DBS? The International Team at DBS helps international students with the visa application and registration process. The International Team will help you through this process.
Where can further details on the Irish visa process be found? Further details can be requested from your local Irish Embassy or Consulate or found at the Irish Naturalization and Immigration Service website www.inis.gov.ie. Further details on the Irish visa process can be requested from your local Irish Embassy or Consulate, or can be found at the website for the Irish Naturalization and Immigration Service (INIS) www.inis.gov.ie.
Are international non-EU students allowed to work in Ireland? Yes, international non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week during term and up to 40 hours per week during scheduled holiday periods. International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week, or fulltime up to 40 hours during scheduled holiday periods.
Which courses allow international students to access work rights in Ireland? Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalization Register. Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalization Register, which can be viewed at www.education.ie.
What is recommended before arriving in Ireland for study regarding finances? It is recommended that students do not arrive without possessing the financial resources to complete their chosen course of study as mixing employment with study is not easy. Mixing employment with study is not easy, and it is recommended that you do not arrive without possessing the financial resources to complete your chosen course of study.
What must students show at the time of Irish student visa application regarding finances? Students must show that they have sufficient resources to support themselves for the duration of their studies in Ireland; potential earnings from part-time work are not considered. If applying for a student visa for Ireland, please note that you must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies in Ireland. In this regard, the Visa Office will not take into account any potential earnings that you may gain from part-time work in Ireland.
Does the Irish student visa allow graduates to stay after their studies? Yes, the Irish student visa permits students a 'stay back' option for graduates of many courses. The Irish student visa permits students a 'stay back' option for graduates of many of our courses.
What services does the International Student Services Team at DBS provide? The International Student Services Team provides registration and orientation, immigration services and advice, international student letters, accommodation advice, general advice and support, social and cultural activities, and further study information. International Student Services Team Registration and Orientation Immigration Services and Advice International Student Letters Accommodation Advice General Advice and Support Social and Cultural Activities Further Study Information
Who helps international students with immigration services and advice at DBS? The International Student Services Team helps international students with immigration services and advice. International Student Services Team Registration and Orientation Immigration Services and Advice
What kind of support related to accommodation is offered to international students at DBS? Accommodation advice is provided to international students by the International Student Services Team. International Student Services Team Accommodation Advice
Does DBS offer social and cultural activities for international students? Yes, DBS offers social and cultural activities as part of the support provided by the International Student Services Team. International Student Services Team Social and Cultural Activities
Where can international students get information about further study options at DBS? Further study information is provided by the International Student Services Team to international students. International Student Services Team Further Study Information
How many university partnerships has DBS developed in European countries? DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries. DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries such as France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Lithuania, Norway and Sweden.
Why do European students choose DBS for study? European students choose DBS due to the quality of teaching, excellent location, wide range of sports and activities available, and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country. Feedback indicates that European students choose DBS due to the quality of teaching, the excellent location, the wide range of sports and activities available and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country.
What is ISEG and what is its relationship with DBS? ISEG is a prestigious group of seven business schools located in Paris, Lille, Strasbourg, Lyon, Toulouse, Bordeaux and Nantes. DBS has a close strategic alliance with ISEG, allowing students from ISEG to take final year BA (Hons) Marketing or Masters programmes at DBS. ISEG, France DBS has a close strategic alliance with ISEG, a prestigious group of seven business schools located in Paris, Lille, Strasbourg, Lyon, Toulouse, Bordeaux and Nantes. Students from the ISEG group have the opportunity of taking the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or a number of Masters programmes at DBS as part of their studies.
What is the EGC network and its connection to DBS? EGC is a network of 28 reputable French Business Schools established by French Chambers of Commerce. DBS welcomes EGC students annually as part of their international study experience. EGC (Écoles de Gestion et de Commerce), France EGC is a network of 28 reputable French Business Schools. Since 2002, DBS has formed close links with EGC, welcoming students every year.
What is CEU Madrid known for and what programmes does it offer? CEU San Pablo University of Madrid is the oldest private university in Spain, founded in 1933. It offers BA (Hons), Double Degrees and Postgraduate programmes in Economics and Business, Communication and Humanities, Architecture, Engineering and Health Sciences. CEU Madrid, Spain Founded in 1933, CEU San Pablo University of Madrid is the oldest private university in Spain offering BA (Hons), Double Degrees and Postgraduate programmes in various fields.
What areas does IULM University in Milan specialize in? IULM University in Milan specializes in Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism and Cultural Heritage. IULM University, Milan, Italy IULM is a leading Italian university specializing in the fields of Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism and Cultural Heritage.
What is the DBS Study Abroad Programme? DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from across the US, including an initial Foundation Course on Ireland and a wide range of courses in the DBS School of Business and DBS School of Arts. DBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from across the US. After an initial Foundation Course on Ireland students integrate a wide range of courses in both the DBS School of Business and DBS School of Arts.
What is the ranking of Xiamen University in China? Xiamen University is ranked 10 out of 2036 institutions in China and 318 globally. Xiamen University, China With a ranking of 10 out of 2036 institutions in China and 318 globally, DBS announced an Articulation Agreement with Xiamen University.
What does the articulation agreement with Xiamen University allow? It allows Xiamen University graduates to continue their studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree award from QQI in either Accounting and Finance or Financial Services. DBS announced approval by the Chinese Ministry of Education of an Articulation Agreement with Xiamen University allowing graduates to continue studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree.
What collaboration exists between DBS and MARA in Malaysia? DBS has a transnational collaborative agreement on delivering the BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance at KPTM in Malaysia with MARA, which has led to over 1,300 Malaysian students graduating with DBS qualifications. UPAEP Academic Collaboration with MARA, Malaysia 2014 saw approval of collaborative agreement delivering DBS BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance in KPTM Malaysia.
Who is FAE Brazil and what is their partnership with DBS? FAE Brazil is a leading provider of business and management education, partnering with DBS to offer degree programmes like BA (Hons) in Business and MBA through EU Business School. FAE Brazil partners with DBS and EU Business School, offering DBS degree programmes including BA (Hons) in Business and MBA.
What is the EU Business School and what programmes does it offer through DBS? EU Business School is an internationally accredited business school with campuses in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich and online, offering foundation, bachelor's, master's and MBA programmes in English. EU Business School is an international, professionally accredited business school with campuses in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich and online, offering English-taught programmes.
When did DBS sign an agreement with EU Business School and what is its purpose? DBS signed an agreement with EU Business School in March 2021 to expand transnational programmes and offer DBS programmes in overseas locations, subject to QQI validation. DBS signed an agreement with EU Business School in March 2021 to become a transnational partner, expanding overseas offerings.
What partnership does DBS have with University of New York in Prague (UNYP)? DBS partnered with UNYP to introduce new postgraduate degrees in Prague, helping to develop international reach and reputation. DBS formed a partnership with UNYP to bring new post-graduate degrees to Prague and build international ethos.
What are the core values that DBS staff and students live by? DBS staff and students live by core values including Respect, Integrity, Excellence, Inclusion, and Sustainability. DBS staff and students live by core values including Respect, Integrity, Excellence, Inclusion, and Sustainability.
What system does DBS use for monitoring the quality of teaching and learning? DBS uses a Quality Assurance (QA) system for monitoring the quality of teaching and learning. DBS uses a Quality Assurance (QA) system for monitoring the quality of teaching and learning.
How does DBS support staff development for teaching? DBS supports staff development through induction, continuous professional development, and participation in teaching enhancement activities. DBS supports staff development through induction, continuous professional development, and teaching enhancement activities.
What approaches does DBS adopt for teaching and learning? DBS adopts student-centred and active learning approaches, including collaborative projects, case studies, and technology-enhanced learning. DBS adopts student-centred and active learning approaches such as collaborative projects, case studies, and technology-enhanced learning.
How does DBS engage students in quality assurance processes? DBS engages students in quality assurance processes through student representation, feedback surveys, and participation in committees. DBS engages students in quality assurance through student representation, feedback surveys, and participation in committees.
What awards has DBS received for teaching excellence? DBS has received awards including the Athena SWAN bronze award and recognition from the European Foundation for Management Development. DBS has received awards such as the Athena SWAN bronze award and recognition from the European Foundation for Management Development.
What is the role of the Learning and Teaching Enhancement Unit at DBS? The Learning and Teaching Enhancement Unit supports staff and students by promoting best practices in teaching and learning, and fostering innovation. The Learning and Teaching Enhancement Unit supports staff and students by promoting best practices and fostering innovation.
What kind of support does DBS provide to students with disabilities? DBS provides support such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, and assistive technologies within the constraints of not being eligible for the Fund for Students with Disabilities. DBS supports students with disabilities by providing classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, and assistive technologies, although students at private colleges are not entitled to the Fund for Students with Disabilities.
Are students at private colleges eligible for the Fund for Students with Disabilities? No, students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA). Students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA).
Who administers the Fund for Students with Disabilities in Ireland? The Fund for Students with Disabilities is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA). The Fund for Students with Disabilities is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA).
What will DBS do to support students with disabilities despite funding constraints? DBS will endeavour to meet the needs of students with disabilities within the constraints of not being eligible for the Fund for Students with Disabilities. DBS will endeavour to meet the needs of students with disabilities within the constraints of not being eligible for the Fund for Students with Disabilities.
What is the mandate of Education in Ireland? To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students; support international activities of Irish education institutions; act as a national point of contact; promote Irish education expertise internationally; liaise with education interests and government to remove barriers to international education development. Education in Ireland promotes Ireland as a quality destination, supports international activities of Irish education institutions, acts as a national contact, promotes Irish education expertise internationally, and liaises with government to remove barriers.
What must students do before making an Irish visa application to DBS? Students are required to pay their tuition fees in full to the College prior to making their visa application. Students must pay their tuition fees in full to DBS before applying for an Irish visa.
What is required of all non-EU students upon arrival in Ireland? All non-EU students must register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. Upon arrival, non-EU students must register with GNIB for permission to remain in Ireland.
Who assists non-EU students with the GNIB registration process? The International Team at DBS helps non-EU students through the GNIB registration process. The International Team helps non-EU students register with GNIB.
Where can students find more information on the Irish visa process? Students can get further details from their local Irish Embassy or Consulate or from the Irish Naturalization and Immigration Service (INIS) website www.inis.gov.ie. More information on the Irish visa process is available from local Irish Embassies, Consulates, or the INIS website.
Where should applicants submit their completed application forms for DBS programmes? Applicants should submit their completed application forms online at www.dbs.ie or return them to the Postgraduate Admissions Office. Applicants should complete the appropriate application form and return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the required documentation. Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the Admissions Office.
What documents are required for EU applicants when applying to Masters Programmes at DBS? EU applicants must provide academic transcripts (original and official English translations if applicable), proof of identification (driver's license or passport), detailed curriculum vitae, and proof of English language proficiency if applicable. Applicants should submit academic transcripts, proof of identification, detailed CV, and proof of English proficiency when applying to Masters Programmes.
Are previous DBS students required to submit academic transcripts again when applying? No, applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide academic transcripts again. Applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide academic transcripts.
What additional documents are required for Non-EU applicants with residency in Ireland? Non-EU applicants with residency in Ireland must provide a copy of their GNIB card, work permit (if applicable), passport, and the letter issued by the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform explaining their documentation. In addition to standard documents, Non-EU applicants with residency in Ireland must submit their GNIB card, work permit, passport, and the Department of Justice letter.
What are the additional requirements for Non-EU applicants applying to DBS? Non-EU applicants should provide academic transcripts, proof of identification (passport), detailed CV, proof of English proficiency, academic/business references (except for Business programmes), a copy of GNIB card, and work permit if applicable. Non-EU applicants should submit the relevant documents including transcripts, ID, CV, English proof, references, GNIB card, and work permit.
Where can applicants find further information or contact DBS admissions for queries? Applicants can contact the Postgraduate Admissions Office or the International Admissions Office at Dublin Business School via phone, fax, email, or visit www.dbs.ie for more information. For further information, contact Postgraduate Admissions Office or International Admissions Office at DBS or visit www.dbs.ie.
Who does DBS partner with to offer student accommodation? DBS partners with Mezzino Brickworks to offer student accommodation. DBS partners with Mezzino Brickworks to offer a selection of stunning rooms located within close proximity to the college each term.
Where are the rooms offered by DBS and Mezzino Brickworks located? The rooms are located within close proximity to the college. DBS partners with Mezzino Brickworks to offer a selection of stunning rooms located within close proximity to the college each term.
Can students book rooms at Mezzino Brickworks for just one semester? Yes, rooms at Mezzino Brickworks are available for both the full academic year and semester-based bookings. These rooms are available for both the full academic year and for semester-based bookings too, but are based on availability.
How can students arrange bookings for rooms at Brickworks? Bookings must be arranged directly through the College. Bookings must be arranged directly through the College.
What kind of living experience do the rooms at Brickworks offer? The rooms at Brickworks are designed for comfortable student living. All rooms at Brickworks are designed for comfortable student living.
What is one of the on-site amenities provided by Brickworks? Brickworks provides a roof terrace with panoramic views of Dublin. Brickworks also provides a range of excellent on-site amenities, including a roof terrace with panoramic views of Dublin.
Where can students take a virtual tour of Brickworks? Students can take a virtual tour of Brickworks by clicking on the provided link in the accommodation information. For a virtual tour of Brickworks, please click here.
Who should students contact if they are interested in booking accommodation for the current semester? Students should contact the Student Experience Team to proceed with their booking. If you are interested in booking accommodation for the current semester, please contact the Student Experience Team to proceed with your booking.
Who can students contact to inquire about current accommodation availability at Brickworks? Students can contact the Student Experience Team to inquire about current availability. Please contact the Student Experience Team to inquire about current availability.
Who should you contact to enquire and book homestay accommodation? You need to contact the Homestay Partners ISA directly to enquire and book homestay accommodation. To enquire and book you need to contact our Homestay Partners ISA directly.
On what basis are homestay accommodations booked? Homestay accommodations are booked on a first come first serve basis. These are booked on a first come first serve basis.
What is the starting price for staying with a family in a homestay? Prices for staying with a family start at €230 per week for a single room with half board. Prices for staying with a family start at €230 per week (single room/half board).
How much should you budget for weekly commuting costs to DBS campus? You should budget an additional €25 to €35 per week for commuting to the DBS campus. You need to budget a further €25 - €35 per week for a weekly commute to the DBS Campus.
What is the average monthly rent for a single room in Dublin? The average single room rent is around €800 to €1100 per month. Average single room rent is around €800-1100 per month.
How does the location of accommodation affect rent prices? The closer to the city, the more expensive the accommodation will be. The closer to the city you are, the more expensive your accommodation will be.
Which website does DBS recommend for finding verified accommodation? DBS recommends www.spotahome.com for accommodation checked and verified by the website. DBS recommend www.spotahome.com where accommodation is checked and verified by the website.
What discount do DBS students get on Spotahome's service fee? DBS students get a 25% discount on the one-time service fee using the promo code DBS25. Spotahome offers DBS students 25% discount on the one time service fee. Use the promo code DBS25 at time of booking.
Where can students watch the webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin? Students can watch the webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin to get all the necessary information. To get all of the necessary information on how to source a place to stay this coming term, watch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin'.
Where is DBS located in Dublin? DBS is conveniently located in the heart of the City Centre. DBS is conveniently located in the heart of the City Centre.
What makes it easy to access DBS from anywhere in Dublin? The location in the city centre makes for great ease of access no matter where you are living across the city. This makes for great ease of access no matter where you are living across the city.
How can students choose where to stay in Dublin? Students can choose where to stay by using the transport network or area codes as a main reference. You can choose where to stay by using the transport network or the area codes as a main reference.
Where can students get more advice on choosing where to stay in Dublin? Students can get more advice by clicking on the provided link in the original document. You can get more advice on how to choose where to stay in Dublin by clicking here.
What short term accommodation options are available for students arriving in Dublin? There are short term accommodation options available to give students time to find more permanent accommodation after arrival. There are short term accommodation options available, to give yourself time to do a more permanent accommodation search when you arrive in Ireland.
Which website does DBS recommend for short term accommodation? DBS recommends www.staycity.com for short term accommodation. DBS recommends www.staycity.com, which is ideal short term accommodation for groups of 2, 3, or 4.
What type of short term accommodation is www.staycity.com ideal for? It is ideal for groups of 2, 3, or 4 people. DBS recommends www.staycity.com, which is ideal short term accommodation for groups of 2, 3, or 4.
What other accommodation options are available around Dublin? Dublin has many Hostels, Hotels, and AirBnBs located around the city. Dublin also has many Hostels, Hotels & AirBnB's located around the city.
What is a good accommodation choice for students when they first arrive at DBS? Hostels, Hotels, and AirBnBs are the best options while students get settled into life at DBS. This will be your best option, while you get settled into life at DBS.
Where can students find a recording to help with sourcing accommodation in Dublin? Students can watch back the 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin'. You can watch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin', which is a short recording that gives you the tools to assist in your room search in Dublin.
What guide can students check for more comprehensive accommodation information? Students can check the DBS Accommodation Guide for more comprehensive information. You can also check out the DBS Accommodation Guide for more comprehensive information on finding your home this academic year.
Should you make payments to a bank account that is not Irish? No, do not make any payments if the bank account given is not an Irish Bank Account. Do not make any payments if the bank account given is not an Irish Bank Account.
Who should you contact if an accommodation source looks suspicious? You should contact a member of Student Services for advice. Contact a member of our Student Services to help advise you if an accommodation source looks suspicious.
How can you contact Student Services for accommodation advice? You can contact Student Services via the email student.services@dbs.ie. You can contact us through this email student.services@dbs.ie.
What must students have before they are eligible to work in Ireland? Students must have registered with ISD and received their IRP card before they are eligible to work. Students must have registered with ISD and received your IRP card - if you have not registered you are not eligible for work.
How many hours can a student work per week during term time under a Stamp 2 visa? Under a Stamp 2 student visa, you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time, including while doing a dissertation or waiting for results. Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.
How many hours can students work during holiday periods? During holiday periods (June to September inclusive and 15 December to 15 January), students can work up to 40 hours a week. This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday period, June to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.
How can students book their first time registration appointment with ISD? Students can book an appointment by free phoning 1800 800 630 or visiting the ISD registration website. To book an appointment with ISD for first time registration you can free phone 1800 800 630 or visit the ISD registration website.
Do students need a letter from DBS for their first time ISD registration? No, students do not need a letter from the college for their first time registration. Students do not need a letter from the college for your first time registration.
How can DBS students open a bank account in Ireland? DBS students can open a bank account through MoneyJar, which offers a simple step-by-step process. DBS has partnered with MoneyJar. MoneyJar offers a simple step by step process to opening an account.
Do you need a bank letter to open an account with MoneyJar? No, you do not need a bank letter to open an account with MoneyJar. You do not need a bank letter to open an account with Money Jar.
What code do DBS students need to start their MoneyJar account application? DBS students need the 5 digit sign in code 41775 to start their application. All DBS students need the 5 digit sign in code 41775 to start their application.
What is the attendance requirement for lectures and workshops at DBS? Full (100%) attendance is required at all lectures and workshops. Full (100%) attendance is required at all lectures and workshops.
Why is full attendance important for DBS students? Full attendance is a condition of your student visa. Full (100%) attendance is required at all lectures and workshops. This is a condition of your student visa.
What may happen if a student's attendance falls below 85% at DBS? DBS may notify Immigration Services if attendance falls below 85%. If attendance falls below 85% DBS may notify Immigration Services.
How many events and activities does DBS offer each term? DBS offers hundreds of events and activities each term for students to enjoy. We have 100's of events and activities each term for students to enjoy.
Who provides important information about events and activities during induction at DBS? The Student Experience Team provides important information during induction about events, activities, and networking opportunities. The Student Experience Team will be on hand during your inductions to give you all of the important information that you need. This will cover events, activities, as well as opportunities to network and socialise with your classmates.
What groups organize student events at DBS throughout the year? The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year. The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other.
What is the 'summer series' at DBS? The summer series is a recently launched set of events at DBS; ticket information is available on Eventbrite. We have recently launched our summer series, for more information and how to purchase tickets, please check out our Eventbrite.
How can students find out about Clubs and Societies at DBS? Students can attend Clubs and Societies Day to learn about available clubs and societies at DBS. We will have a Clubs and Societies Day which will show you all of the Clubs and Societies that we have here within the college.
What should a student do if they want to start a new Club or Society at DBS? Students can email student.services@dbs.ie to discuss options with the Clubs and Society Officer. If you do not see a Club or Society catered to you, email us at student.services@dbs.ie and our Clubs and Society Officer, Subomi, will happily sit down with you to discuss options!
Who can help you with disability support at DBS? The Disabilities and Inclusion Officer can help with disability support at DBS. Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.
How can you contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer at DBS? You can contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via the email student.services@dbs.ie. Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you.
What happens after you contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer? They will arrange to meet with you and explain the support available. The Disabilities and Inclusion Officer... will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.
How many types of clubs and societies are available at DBS? There are four types: Academic and Professional, Cultural and Ethnic, Hobby and Interest, and Sports and Recreation. 1. Academic and Professional... 2. Cultural and Ethnic... 3. Hobby and Interest... 4. Sports and Recreation...
Can you name some examples of Academic and Professional clubs at DBS? Examples include business, data analytics, law, event management, sustainability, and psychology clubs. Academic and Professional: These clubs focus on academic disciplines or professional fields such as business, data analytics, law, event management, sustainability, or psychology.
Are there any Cultural and Ethnic societies at DBS? Yes, examples include the DESI society, Italian Society, International student society, and Malaysian society. Cultural and Ethnic clubs celebrate and promote culture and heritage, such as DESI society, Italian Society, International student society, Malaysian society.
What types of sports clubs does DBS offer? Sports clubs include football, basketball, badminton, ultimate frisbee, tennis, sea swimming, volleyball, rock climbing, martial arts, and yoga. Sports and Recreation clubs include football, basketball, badminton, ultimate frisbee, tennis, sea swimming, volleyball, rock climbing, martial arts, and yoga.
Is there a cost to join DBS clubs and societies? No, all clubs and societies are free to join. All clubs and societies are free (no charge) to join.
How can students express interest in joining a club or society at DBS? During inductions, students receive a Clubs & Societies Sign-Up form to show their interest. During your inductions, a Clubs & Societies Sign-Up form will be shared for students to express interest.
Where can students find information and tickets for DBS events? Information and tickets can be found on Eventbrite. For more information and how to purchase tickets, please check out our Eventbrite.
What are the social media platforms for the DBS Student Experience? Instagram and TikTok: @dbsstudentexperience, Facebook: DBS Student Experience, Spotify: DBS Student Experience Podcast. INSTAGRAM - @dbsstudentexperience, TIKTOK - @dbsstudentexperience, FACEBOOK - DBS Student Experience, SPOTIFY - DBS Student Experience Podcast.
What services does the Careers Hub offer to DBS students? The Careers Hub offers free career support workshops, podcasts with industry professionals, and employer events. The Careers Hub offers free career support services, workshops, podcasts with industry professionals, and employer events.
What advice is given if English is not your first language and you have difficulty communicating symptoms? Consider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you to the medical facility. If English is not your first language and you're having trouble communicating your symptoms, consider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you.
What is the recommended monthly budget for a DBS student living in Dublin? It is recommended to budget a minimum of €2,500 per month to cover basic living expenses. It's recommended that students budget a minimum of €2,500 per month to cover basic living expenses in Dublin.
Should students rely on finding a job to fund their studies in Dublin? No, students should not rely on finding a job to fund their studies and should ensure they have enough funds before arriving in Ireland. Do not rely on finding a job to fund your studies. Ensure you have enough funds before arriving in Ireland.
Why is understanding the cost of living important for new DBS students? Understanding the cost of living helps ensure a smooth transition and a fulfilling student experience. To ensure a smooth transition and a fulfilling student experience, understanding the cost of living in Dublin is essential.
What number should you dial in Ireland in case of a medical emergency? Dial 999 for emergency services in Ireland or 112 for emergency services in any European country. Dial 999 for emergency services in Ireland or 112 for emergency services in any European Country.
Where should you go for minor illnesses or common ailments in Ireland? You can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications. For minor illnesses or common ailments, you can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications.
What is the phone number for a free medical consultation in Dublin? Call (01 6790754). Call (01 6790754) or email damestreetmedicalcentre@gmail.com.
Which medical centre has DBS partnered with for student GP services? DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medical. DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medical should students require a doctor's appointment.
How can students register with Dame Street Medical? Simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors. To register simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors.
What is the Irish Residence Permit (IRP)? The Irish Residence Permit is a registration document for non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students. Irish Residence Permit (IRP) Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students must register for an IRP.
Who needs to register for an Irish Residence Permit (IRP)? Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students. Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students must register for an IRP.
How much does an Irish Residence Permit cost per year? €300 per year. Irish Residence Permit (IRP) ... costs €300 per year.
Which websites can I use to check cost of living in Ireland? You can use websites like Numbeo and Daft.ie to understand realistic living costs. Use websites like Numbeo, and other cost of living websites, to get a good understanding of realistic costs.
How can I manage my finances more effectively while studying in Ireland? You can use budgeting apps, have an Irish bank account, and plan your spending. Opening a digital current account before travel can help. Use budgeting apps. Having an Irish bank account will make managing your finances easier. Consider opening a digital current account before travel.
Can students on a Stamp 2 visa work in Ireland? Yes, they can work 20 hours a week during term and 40 hours a week during holidays. Students on a Stamp 2 visa can work 20 hours a week during term, and 40 hours a week during holidays.
What is the minimum wage in Ireland? The minimum wage in Ireland is €13.50 per hour. The minimum wage in Ireland is currently €13.50 per hour.
Do non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students need health insurance in Ireland? Yes, they are required to have health insurance costing between €160 and €670 per year. Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students are required to have health insurance. Costs can range from €160 to €670 per year.
How can I reduce my food expenses in Ireland? Cooking at home can significantly reduce costs compared to dining out or takeaway meals. Groceries, dining out, and takeaway meals contribute to your monthly expenses. Cooking at home can significantly reduce costs.
What is a typical rental deposit in Ireland? Usually one month's rent, plus potential utility setup fees. Remember to factor in deposit costs (usually one month's rent) and potential utility setup fees.
What is the cost range for purpose-built student accommodation in Ireland? It costs between €275 and €450 per week. Purpose built student accommodation: This costs between €275-450 per week.
