
Dublin Business School (DBS) specialises in the provision of career-focused business and law education as well as the delivery of contemporary programmes in the areas of creative media, marketing, counselling &amp; psychotherapy, humanities and psychology.


Why Study for a Postgraduate Qualification?

To compliment your primary degree

To fulfil personal interests in a particular subject area

Promotion opportunities in current role/career enhancement

Enhanced job security

Development of transferable skills

Worthwhile investment to enhance lifetime career prospects

Academic and personal development at a professional level

Further development of your skills and knowledge in a specialist field

Change of direction in career

Improved career and networking prospects

Opportunity to develop strong analytical, problem-solving, presentation, time management and communication skills



Peter Lowney, Graduate of Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

After completing the two-year Higher Diploma in Psychology, I felt I had an excellent basis for moving forward with a career in psychology, as well as being able to apply the techniques and methodologies from the course in my current career. It has also opened the door to a number of related fields in work such as HR.

The broad basis of the course gave me a good overview of the subject and of where my strengths and interests would lie for future study in psychology.

I really enjoyed the structure of the course and, although it is a significant time and effort commitment, I felt it was really worth it. The fact that it is accredited by the Psychology Society of Ireland (PSI) is a major bonus, meaning that your qualification will be recognised. I felt there was a very good balance of continuous assessment, group and project work alongside examinations, and I found the lecturers approachable and friendly.

For me, the best thing about the course was meeting fellow students from a diverse range of backgrounds and forming firm friendships."

Why Choose DBS?



Reputation as Ireland's Leading Independent College

Dublin Business School (DBS) is Ireland's largest independent third-level college. With a student population of over 9,000, DBS provides a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes. Established in 1975, the College quickly established an excellent reputation for teaching quality and standards, offering flexible and innovative learning opportunities that reflect and match the needs of students and employers.


Recognition and Accreditation



Our postgraduate programmes are awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) which sits on the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ) which was designed to create a single, easily understood qualifications system for all levels of education and training in Ireland.

These awards are recognised by the Department of Education, employers and all of the major higher education institutions.

4 Stars Awarded by QS Stars Rating System



DBS has been awarded 4 Stars in the QS Stars Rating System. In addition to the overall rating, DBS earned a rating of 5 Stars for Online Learning and Inclusiveness and 4 Stars in several other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development. DBS joins an exclusive group of higher education institutions worldwide in the ranking, which is considered one of the most influential and credible ratings for higher education institutions globally.

Recognition by Professional Bodies



DBS has professional accreditation and recognition attached to programmes from global bodies such as the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), the Chartered Institute of Management Accounting (CIMA), the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) and from national organisations such as the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI) and the Irish Association for Counselling and Psychotherapy (IACP), the Law Society and the Honorable Society of King's Inns for Solicitor and Barrister training. DBS was the first private college to be awarded PSI recognition on its Psychology degree and now also offers a conversion style Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Psychology which is also PSI accredited.

Commitment to World-Class Teaching

DBS has built a considerable reputation for the quality of its teaching. As an institution we focus our main research activity on the constant improvement of the learning experience of our students.

Internationally-Recognised Education Experience

DBS has established a considerable international reputation for the quality of its programmes. This recognition has been achieved both at government level and on an individual student basis. The College has created a unique learning environment with students from over 120 countries participating in its programmes.

Student-Centred Approach/ Flexible Study Options

Feedback from students indicates that they value the student focus that our lecturers and support staff offer. At DBS, this is the key factor in our service delivery. We recognise that you may need different types of support as you progress through your studies to postgraduate level, be it academic direction, career advice, mentoring or personal attention. We offer a comprehensive service in these areas to our postgraduate students. The option to study most of our postgraduate course on a full-time or part-time basis allows you to tailor your study to your situation.

Work/Study Balance

In DBS we take a holistic view to college life. Academia should be integrated with a stimulating social scene. The work/study balance is something we at DBS regard as being important. Accordingly, we organise, through our dedicated student services department, a range of social, sports, societies and developmental activities for postgraduate students.

City Centre Location

A mere two-minute walk from St. Stephen's Green, Luas and all main bus routes, DBS is truly in the heart of Dublin city. Our educational sites in the prime city centre locations of Aungier Street and South Great George's Street are within a few minutes walking distance of each other and provide students with access to all of the infrastructure capabilities of a vibrant modern capital city. Our city centre location also means the campus is extremely accessible to our part-time students working in Dublin.

Protection of Enrolled Learners

For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan, Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.



For further Information consult:    www.nfq.ie    www.QQI.ie

'QQI 2014

Trigger Event means: where DBS does not provide the Programme for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBS, and/or where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that Programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBS, and/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7), section 47 , or section 59(7) of the Act.

DBS - A Short History



, Formerly known as Accountancy and Business College, DBS was established in 1975 to provide evening programmes for students preparing for the examinations of the professional accountancy bodies. The School quickly established an excellent reputation for quality and standards and its students achieved a high level of success in the professional examinations. Based on this reputation, the School developed rapidly and by the mid-1980s was providing professional accounting, marketing and banking programmes for both full and part-time students.
, In 1989 the School introduced its first undergraduate degree programme under a franchise arrangement with Liverpool John Moores University (LJMU). The academic relationship between the two institutions has developed and strengthened over the years. DBS became an Accredited Institution of LJMU in 1995 and now offers a range of programmes leading to honours degree and postgraduate awards. DBS complies fully with LJMU quality assurance procedures and conducts periodic programmatic reviews in line with LJMU policies and requirements. An academic representative from LJMU is a member of the DBS Academic Board.
, Dublin Business School became a designated institution with HETAC (formerly the National Council for Educational Awards) in 1992. The School initially offered a number

of programmes leading to awards at National Certificate level. The relationship with HETAC has expanded over the years and programmes offered now include Honours Degree and Postgraduate Masters and Higher Diploma programmes.

suite of qualifying programmes for the professional legal bodies in Ireland. Dublin Business School is now the largest independent third-level college in Ireland with over 9,000 students and the potential to deliver over 100 accredited programmes.

, In 1999, Dublin Business School acquired LSB College and became the largest independent third-level college in Ireland. The primary academic focus and strength of LSB College lay in the field of arts and humanities and the acquisition provided the basis for the development of what is now the DBS School of Arts.
, In March 2006, DBS acquired the European Business School (EBS). EBS was founded in 1993 and is a member of the EBSI group, a collective group of eight independent business schools located throughout Europe. EBS offers a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate courses for 'study abroad' students and provides DBS with an entry into a broader European market.
, In July 2007 , DBS acquired Portobello College. Since its foundation in 1989, Portobello College has developed and expanded to become one of Ireland's premier third-level independent colleges. In the area of business education, the College offers a range of undergraduate and postgraduate programmes. The Law School at Portobello College was founded in 1991 and now provides a

Kaplan

, In 2013, Graham Holdings Company (formerly The Washington Post Company) acquired Kaplan Inc., of which Dublin Business School is a part. Graham Holdings Company history dates back to 1877 , when the Washington Post was first published. Kaplan is a leading provider of higher education, professional development and lifelong learning programmes with headquarters in New York City and locations throughout the U.S. and internationally. In the U.S. it has over 70 campus-based schools in 15 states offering a range of degree and diploma programmes in areas such as business, information technology, healthcare and law. Kaplan brings a wealth of expertise and experience that enables DBS to consolidate its leading position in the thirdlevel education sector. Kaplan also supports the further development of the School, backed by the resources of a $3.5 billion enterprise, and is enabling DBS to diversify in terms of both products and markets and to expand substantially the scale of its operations, both in Ireland and internationally.

Recent News



DBS Career Fairs

The Career Fairs present students with a fantastic opportunity to meet with employers and discuss potential job opportunities as well.

Many of our past students have secured full-time positions from attending the fairs in previous years and it remains an integral part of the academic calendar.

Women in Leadership

Personal Career Development Week hosted a Women in Leadership Panel moderated by Ntsoaki Phakoe-McKevitt. The panelists included, from left to right: Cliona O'Beirne, Chief Commercial Officer, DBS; Simone Macleod, Chief People Officer, Nairn; Eadaoin Curtin, Founder, Firechild Photography; and Sinead Lucey, Girls In Tech/Thousand Eyes.





LinkedIn

DBS Students were invited to the LinkedIn HQ where LinkedIn facilitated a workshop on using the platform and helping students with tips on the platform, curriculum vitae tips and interview skills.

Guest Lecture Series

DBS welcomed Mark Kelly from AI Ireland who participated in a guest speaker event. Mark came to the college and gave a fascinating talk on the use of artificial intelligence in the media! Kieran O'Shea, from Decathlon spoke to students about the opening of the sports retail store and the full-time and parttime opportunities that were available. The Guest Lecture Series is a wonderful opportunity to connect with industry and learn directly from leaders in business.







DBS students assist in UXDX Conference

DBS Event Management students assisted in the delivery of the UXDX Conference. The conference brings together UX (user experience), UI (user interface), design, development and cross functional product teams.

Lecturer Emma Olohan speaking of her students' efforts said 'DBS Event Management students are moving with the times immersing themselves by playing a key role in high profile events that have gone virtual this year including Web Summit, Working World 2021&amp; beyond, and Pendulum'.



DBS receive Excellence in Online Learning Education Award

DBS were awarded the Excellence in Online Learning Education Award for the Public

Sector Magazine 2021 Excellence in Business Awards. A special thanks to our faculty and IT team for their efforts in seamlessly transitioning to online delivery during recent times.

President Andrew Conlan-Trant received the award and spoke of the future development of programmes at DBS 'All new programme development and the revision of older programmes will look to include online learning where it is appropriate for the learning outcomes, as we strive for as flexible a learning environment as possible'.

DBS Men's Basketball - Crowned Division 1 National Champions 2020

In March our men's basketball team were crowned Division 1 National Champions for 2020 after a thrilling final at the Oblate Arena against NUIG. This was a tightly contested match-up with two of the countries leading colleges. The teams went toe-to-toe for the right to become champions of Ireland. It was a thrilling final, scholarship stars Daniel Heaney, Marko Tomic and Hillary Nets all providing stand out performances throughout the final. But it was Paris Ballinger, whose MVP display was instrumental in the success of DBS taking home their first ever Division 1 National Championship.





DBS students raise €4,030 for Temple St. Children's Hospital

DBS students held a themed charity event in aid of Temple St. Children's Hospital. The event was spearheaded by

Project Management students with the intention of bridging communication between college students, alumni and industry. The purpose of the event was to give students the opportunity to network amongst leading global entrepreneurs and break down barriers between boardrooms and classrooms. The project team provided a platform for successful entrepreneurs to voice their journey to young aspiring individuals.

DBS, QQI and the National Framework of Qualifications

As an institution designated under the relevant Higher Education Acts, Dublin Business School is accredited to offer courses leading to Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) (formally HETAC) awards at Certificate, Ordinary degree, Honours degree and Postgraduate levels. The National Framework of Qualifications relates all education and training awards made in Ireland to each other and establishes clearly defined standards about the quality of awards and what a student should be expected to achieve for each award. The Framework also allows Irish qualifications to be compared more easily and accurately with those of other countries. This is particularly important in a European context where there have been significant moves towards greater compatibility and comparability of qualifications.

The National Framework of Qualifications comprises ten levels, with each level based on specified standards of knowledge, skill and competence. Awards at Levels 6 to 10 are made by QQI and the Irish Universities. At undergraduate level, DBS offers courses leading to QQI awards at Level 6 (Higher Certificate), Level 7 (Ordinary Bachelor Degree) and Level 8 (Honours Bachelor Degree). We at DBS see the introduction of the National Framework as an important step towards assuring students as to the quality and comparability of our awards. To quote the National Qualifications Authority, 'The introduction of the Framework, which sets the overall standards of many awards, together with the measures taken by the awarding bodies and (course) providers to build and monitor the quality of awards, will further enhance and guarantee the overall quality of awards made in Ireland.'

The following diagram illustrates the current National Framework of Qualifications in Ireland.

The National Framework of Qualifications (NFQ)

Irish Register of Qualifications



AWARDING BODIES AWARDING BODIES CLASSES OF AWARD

AWARDS IN THE FRAMEWORK

AWARDS IN THE FRAMEWORK

IRISH REGISTER OF QUALIFICATIONS



Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) makes awards in further and SEC - State Examinations Commission (Department of Education and Skills) Minor Awards: are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

- higher education and training

- SEC - State Examinations Commission (Department of Education and Skills) Special Purpose Awards: are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

- Institutes of Technology DIT - Dublin Institute of Technology Professional Awards: these are for occupation-orientated qualifications including apprenticeships

FETAC - awarded by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) Major Awards: named in the outer rings, are the principal class of awards made at a level

Supplemental Awards: are for learning that is additional to a Major Award

Universities

Universities

Supported by the Erasmus+

Programme of the European Union

Supported by the Erasmus+

Programme of the European Union

There are four classes of award in the National Framework of Qualifications: There are four types of award in the National Framework of Qualifications: For more information on

- -Qualifications

named in the outer rings, are the principal class of awards made at a level

Major Awards:

named in the outer rings, are the principal class of awards made at a level -Providers

Major Awards:

are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

Minor Awards:

- -Courses

are for learning that is additional to a Major Award

Supplemental Awards:

Minor Awards:

are for partial completion of the outcomes for a Major Award

Supplemental Awards:

are for learning that is additional to a Major Award visit www.irq.ie

are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

Special Purpose Awards:

Special Purpose Awards:

are for relatively narrow or purpose-specific achievement

©QQI 2020

For further Information consult:  www.nfq.ie   www.QQI.ie

For further information consult:    www.nfq.ie    www.QQI.ie

©QQI 2014

Recognition and Accreditation



Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Quality and Qualifications Ireland was established in 2012 under the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012. The new Authority was created by an amalgamation of four bodies that have both awarding and quality assurance responsibilities: the Further Education and Training Awards Council (FETAC), the Higher Education and Training Awards Council (HETAC), the National Qualifications Authority of Ireland (NQAI) and the Irish Universities Quality Board (IUQB). The new Authority assumed all the functions of the four legacy bodies while also has responsibility for new or newly-statutory responsibilities in particular areas.



Professional Accountancy Bodies ACCA and CIMA

All of our degrees are recognised for exemption purposes by the Institute of Chartered Accountants in Ireland (ICAI), the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA), the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants (CIMA) and the Institute of Certified Public Accountants (CPA). Our BA (Hons) Accounting and Finance degree programme receives the maximum number of exemptions available from the professional accounting bodies.





CIMA is the world's largest professional body of management accountants offering the most relevant accounting qualification for a career in business. It teaches the skills and knowledge needed to work across all areas of the business, not just the accounts team.



Library Association of Ireland

The objectives of the LAI include the promotion and development of high standards of librarianship and of library and information services in Ireland and to maintain the profession of librarianship in a proper status among the learned and technical professions by requiring the observance of strict rules of personal professional conduct as a condition of membership, and by ensuring that a qualification in librarianship is an essential requirement for all professional posts in libraries.



Psychological Society of Ireland

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI), the
 professional body for psychology in Ireland. As such, it seeks to promote the science and profession of psychology in 
Ireland and beyond. PSI membership now stands at over 2,000 members, and includes practitioners, educators and 
researchers, professionals and postgraduate students, as well as undergraduate subscribers. Its divisions and Special 
Interest Groups represent key areas from across the broad spectrum of psychology.



APPI

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy meets the Professional Body's Masters' component requirement which, when combined with the Post-Masters' component, 
makes graduates eligible to apply with confidence for accredited membership of this Body. For instance, the MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy, combined with the Post-Masters' Specific Modality Training in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy in The School of Psychotherapy (TSOP) at St Vincent's University, is recognised as a (minimum) 4-year training by the Association for Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI). Graduates of the combined programme, Masters + Post-Masters, are eligible to apply for membership of APPI which then automatically means membership of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy (ICP). In turn, these graduates meet requirements to apply for membership of the European Association for Psychotherapy (EAP).



IACP

IACP is a professional body which aims to maintain professional standards of excellence in counselling and psychotherapy. Membership of the organisation is open to those who meet the standards laid out by this body and whose practice work is in accordance the code of ethics of the organisation.



IAHIP

The Irish Association of Humanistic and Integrative Psychotherapy was formed in 1992 as an association to represent Humanistic and Integrative psychotherapists in Ireland. In 1994, the IAHIP became a company, limited by guarantee, and is one of the five psychotherapy sections of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy.



CIPD

The Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) is the professional body for HR and people development - responsible for championing better work and working lives. CIPD set the gold standard for people management and development and influence policy and practice in the world of work.



4 Stars Awarded by QS Stars Rating System

DBS earned an overall rating of 4 Stars. Online Learning and Inclusiveness were awarded 5 Stars. Other areas including Teaching, Employability, and Academic Development were all awarded a rating of 4 Stars.

Career Services

Career Services

Top Skills Employers Seek

Dublin Business School creates graduates who are able to realise their full potential, are attractive to employers and are ready for employment.

Through strong links with employers we understand what attributes industry are looking for and we prepare our students to meet these needs.

The Careers Hub



5

Ability to work under pressure



Check out our dedicated careers website for more information https://students.dbs.ie/dbsstudent-services/dbs-careers

Careers Services are delivered through a dedicated team of Careers Coaches in the DBS Careers Hub. This is a new approach to providing Careers Advice and support among Irish third-level Institutions. Through innovations such as specific careers pathways, 24/7 access, and the use of technology to deliver workshops and seminars, the team bring students and employers together, and are instrumental in our graduates building successful careers in companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Accenture Hubspot, Version 1 and many others.







Careers Hub

Weekly online and classroom workshops

Job advertising and matching with students

One to one student meetings and advice

Personal career development weeks

Company visits

Guest lecture series

Innovation sprints

Internships and placements

where applicable

Interview preparation

Video interview preparation

Specific International student Careers Supports

Alumni talks and workshops

Further study advice

Find us on LinkedIn @DublinBusinessSchool







Like DBS on facebook @DublinBusinessSchool

Follow us on Twitter @dbscollege



Share on Instagram @dbscollege



Library and Information Services



Supporting our Students

Online Resources

In addition to providing access to an extensive print collection; the award winning DBS library (library.dbs.ie) offers online, mobile, customisable and interactive information resources that can be accessed 24 hours a day from anywhere in the world. DBS Library is located in the Aungier Street building. DBS Library is an institutional member of the Library Association of Ireland (LAI), the Chartered Institute of Library and Information Professionals (CILIP), UK and the British and Irish Association of Law Librarians (BIALL).

Opening Hours

Monday-Thursday: 09:00-22:00 Friday: 09:00-21:00 Saturday: 09:00-17:00

Print Resources

DBS Library has over 43,000 books. Library holdings are listed on the Library's online catalogue which is available on the Library website or can be accessed directly at https://books.dbs.ie. Students can login to the catalogue to view their Library account and renew or reserve books.

The Library has an extensive e-book collection of over 30,000 titles and access is provided to over 36,000 fulltext eJournals, over 36,000 conference proceedings and over 3,000 newspaper titles. Book titles recommended by lecturers on reading lists are acquired in electronic format, where available, providing students with access to key materials. The Library uses Loughborough Online Reading List Software (LORLS) to make online reading lists available to students with live availability of print titles and online access to electronic resources. LORLS is available to access directly at https://lorls.dbs.ie.

The Library subscribes to a number of high quality databases including:

Academic Search Complete, Bloomsbury Professional Law eBooks, Business Source Complete, Computers and Applied Sciences Complete, Ebsco eBooks, Film and Literature Index, IEEE Xplore Digital Library, JSTOR, JustisOne, Library and Information Science Source (LISS), Mintel Reports, Passport, PEP Archive, ProQuest Central, ProQuest EbookCentral, ProQuest One Business,

PsycArticles, Sage Business Cases, SAGE Research Methods, SOCIndex, VLeBooks, WARC, Westlaw IE and Westlaw UK. Databases can be searched individually or simultaneously via a single Google-like search box on the Library website.

Off-Campus Access

All electronic resources including the online catalogue, the e-book collection and the complete portfolio of databases can be accessed 24 hours a day from anywhere in the world via the Library Website. The Library catalogue and all electronic resources can be accessed remotely from mobile phones and tablets.

Students with Disabilities

The Library's e-book collection and the majority of its databases have magnification and text-to-speech capabilities. Guides to Library resources for students with disabilities are also available in the Library and on the Library website. Students can make an appointment to meet with an Information Skills Librarian to discuss how we can best meet their specific information needs.

Library Facilities

All PCs in the Library provide internet access and are equipped with the latest version of Microsoft Office. The Library also has three study rooms for collaborative study. Students can book a PC or study room via the Library website. The Library has a wireless network for students wishing to use their laptops. High-quality printing and photocopying services (including scanning and colour photocopying and printing) are available in the Library. Wireless printing enables students to print from their laptops. The Library provides self-issuing stations which enable students to issue, return and renew books independently, and which free up staff to answer student queries.



Student Support

Library staff are extremely student focused. The Library also provides the following student support services:

We provide a wide range of online access for students for the following services:

, Support Online An online Service Desk portal is available to support students through a ticketing system which allows quick and efficient support when students require it
, Information desks where library staff are on hand to answer student queries
, Library tours and induction process
, Instant Messaging Service - 'Ask a Librarian' on the Library website
, Our dedicated Information Skills team provides a range of programme embedded and scheduled classes on essay writing and referencing, avoiding plagiarism, researching, evaluating resources and other key topics.
, Library Guides - A large range of guides on the use of Library resources and facilities along with online tutorials are available on the Library website: library.dbs.ie

Every computer within the college has access to all the relevant industrystandard software packages.

, Online Library Access Through the library website, students can access the full library catalogue. Other services include, PC and study room booking, online book renewal, access to a wide range of databases and e-journals
, Careers Website Contains an up-todate listing of vacancies and careers information. Students can also book time with a dedicated careers advisor online.
, Each student has access to Office 365 online which now includes an online note taking app as well as a mydbs.ie email address with 50GB of email storage and 1TB of online cloud storage. Students also have the ability to download 5 free copies of Office.
, Lecture notes Most classes are recorded through Zoom and easily viewed on Moodle if you miss a class.
, Timetables Up to date timetables can be viewed for all courses and through your email calendar within mydbs.ie email.
, Exam results Can be accessed online.
, Student Intranet Offers a wide range of student services, including information regarding accommodation, exams, programme handbooks, FAQs and your personal dashboard.

Student Services

Student Welfare

Sports Clubs

The welfare of our students is of utmost importance in DBS. Our Student Experience Team gives advice and support to all students of the College. Be it accommodation, financial, visa, study problems or psychological issues, the team is here to help. We have close ties with local medical services and can arrange an appointment at short notice. We also provide students with a free and confidential counselling service where we will refer a student to a professional counsellor if required.

Activities and Events

College life is about much more than just education. Through our broad range of services and activities you will get to enjoy the full student experience, which extends beyond the classroom. The DBS campus is in Dublin city centre, and we use all of the extra-curricular and recreational opportunities that our unique location offers.

Clubs and Societies

, Archery
, Athletics
, Badminton
, Basketball
, Cricket
, Cycling
, Dodgeball
, Equestrian
, Futsal
, Go-Carting
, Golf
, Hillwalking
, Hockey
, Orienteering
, Pool
, Rock Climbing
, Rugby
, Soccer
, Surfing and Water Sports
, Swimming

We encourage all of our students to get involved with the many and varied Clubs and Societies that are on offer. Besides doing something that you love and enjoy, you will meet new friends with similar interests and also meet fellow students who may be studying on a different programme to yours. Whatever your interests, there is a club or society for you!

, Table Tennis
, Volleyball



'I thoroughly enjoyed the challenge that studying for the Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Psychology presented, and it has provided a fantastic opportunity for me to advance in a new career direction. My lecturers understanding and support during my studies have been unparalleled by any other college that I have attended in the past.'

Laura Morrin, Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

Student Entertainment

The Student Experience Team, in conjunction with our Student Union, organise a full and varied schedule of social and cultural events throughout the year. From Freshers week in September, RAG week, weekly film screenings, cultural excursions and day trips, and the Formal Ball and Awards in May, there is something for everyone.

Societies

, Special Interest: Psychology, Business, Photography, Film, Law, Computing, Programming, Data
, Activity Based: Dance, Pilates, Yoga, Martial Arts, Self Defence
, Music Based: Radio, Music, DJ
, International and Cultural: African, Malaysian, Irish, Chinese, Indian
, Volunteering and Social: SVP, Simon, Charity, LGBT, Drama, Book Club, Coffee Club, Language Exchange



We will provide an outstanding student experience and enable strong academic outcomes.

Social   and Personal Awareness



Social and Academic Support

Belonging and   Identity



Peer Support

Learning to   Learn

International Student Services

Dublin Business School is the natural choice for international students. We welcome the valuable contribution that you make, academically and socially, to the student experience and learning environment in the College.

Visas and Assistance with Irish Immigration Authorities

When applying for a student visa for Ireland, you must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies in Ireland.

The International Team are dedicated to looking after all of your needs, from the moment you enquire about our courses to registration and arrival in Ireland, and throughout your studies in DBS.

For prospective students we help with student admission, and assist with the application and student visa process.

Once you have enrolled we provide a range of services in the areas of accommodation, registration, orientation and induction, visa and immigration, student welfare.

Accommodation

DBS provide a number of accommodation options in conjunction with our carefully chosen partners. These range from self catering apartments in purpose built student accommodation (PBSA) to 'homestay', with an Irish family. Our PBSA apartments are all located close to the College Campus in Dublin City Centre while 'homestay' is located within 3060 minutes from Campus. 'Homestay' accommodation is initially for the first 4 weeks upon arrival in Ireland and gives an introduction to social culture, the opportunity to improve their English language skills and adjust to the lifestyle of a new country.

primary focus of Dublin Business School is to to provide a comprehensive range of full-time and part-time undergraduate, postgraduate and executive education programmes

Education in Ireland DBS works closely with Education in Ireland whose mandate and objectives are:, To promote Ireland as a quality destination for students., To promote and support the international activities of Irish education institutions., To act as a national point of contact and referral to and from Irish suppliers of education services and the international market place., To promote Irish education expertise as a valuable resource for international institutions, development agencies and governments., To liaise with education interests and government to identify and remove barriers to the development of the international education sector.If you have been accepted for admission to DBS we will provide you with guidance on your Irish visa application. You are required to pay your tuition fees in full to the College prior to making your visa application. Upon arrival in Ireland all non-EU students are required to register with the Garda National Immigration Bureau (GNIB) for permission to remain in Ireland to study. The International Team will help you through this process. Further details on the Irish visa process can be requested from your local Irish Embassy or Consulate, or can be found at the website for the Irish Naturalisation and Immigration Service (INIS) www.inis.gov.ie.Student Employment in Ireland International non-EU students in Ireland are entitled to take up casual employment for up to 20 hours per week, or fulltime up to 40 hours during scheduled holiday periods. Access to work is restricted to students taking courses listed on the Department of Education's Internationalisation Register, which can be viewed at www.education.ie. Mixing employment with study is not easy, and it is recommended that you do not arrive without possessing the financial resources to complete your chosen course of study. If applying for a student visa for Ireland, please note that you must show at the time of your application that you have sufficient resources to support yourself for the duration of your studies in Ireland. In this regard, the Visa Office will not take into account any potential earnings that you may gain from part-time work in Ireland. The Irish student visa permits students a 'stay back' option for graduates of many of our courses.We offer a learning environment and experience that explicitly meets the needs and expectations of international studentsInternational Student Services TeamRegistration and OrientationImmigration Services and AdviceInternational Student LettersAccommodation AdviceGeneral Advice and SupportSocial and Cultural ActivitiesFurther Study Information17International PartnershipsDBS has over the last 46 years established itself as a centre for international education excellence. DBS has developed over 75 university partnerships in European countries such as France, Spain, Germany, Italy, Denmark, Lithuania, Norway and Sweden. Students from these universities join DBS for a semester or academic year. Feedback indicates that European students choose DBS due to the quality of teaching, the excellent location, the wide range of sports and activities available and the opportunity to obtain an internationally recognised qualification from an English speaking country.Some of our European Partners include:ISEG, FranceDBS has a close strategic alliance with ISEG, a prestigious group of seven business schools located in Paris, Lille, Strasbourg, Lyon, Toulouse, Bordeaux and Nantes. Students from the ISEG group have the opportunity of taking the final year of the BA (Hons) in Marketing or a number of Masters programmes at DBS as part of their studies.EGC (Écoles de Gestion et de Commerce), FranceIULM University, Milan, ItalyEGC is a network of 28 reputable French Business Schools. The network was first established by the French Chambers of Commerce in the 1980s and the Schools have extensive business and international links with Schools around the world. Since 2002, Dublin Business School and EGC have formed close links, where DBS welcomes students from EGC every year to be part of their international study experience.CEU Madrid, SpainFounded in 1933, CEU San Pablo University of Madrid is the oldest private university in Spain. The school offers BA (Hons), Double Degrees and Postgraduate in areas such as Economics and Business, Communication and Humanities, Architecture, Engineering and Health Sciences.IULM is a leading Italian university specialising in the fields of Arts, Foreign Languages, Communication, Tourism and Cultural Heritage.US Study Abroad ProgrammeDBS offers a Study Abroad Programme to undergraduate students from across the US. DBS has developed an extensive network of affiliate Universities and Colleges who send their students on this programme. After an initial Foundation Course on Ireland students integrate a wide range of courses in both the DBS School of Business and DBS School of Arts.Xiamen University, ChinaWith a ranking of 10 out of 2036 institutions in China and 318 globally, DBS was delighted to announce approval by the Chinese Ministry of Education of an Articulation Agreement with Xiamen University allowing Xiamen graduates to continue their studies at DBS and obtain a BA (Hons) Degree award from QQI in either Accounting and Finance orFinancial Services.UPAEPAcademic Collaboration with MARA, Malaysia2014 saw the approval of the transnational collaborative agreement on the delivery of the DBS programme BA (Hons) in Accounting and Finance in KPTM in Malaysia. Dublin Business School has a long relationship with MARA which started in the early 1990s and has seen collaborations resulting in over 1,300 Malaysian students graduating with DBS qualifications.FAE BrazilWith this agreement, DBS joins forces with a leading provider of business and management education. EU Business School (EU) is an international, professionally accredited, high-ranking business school with campuses in Barcelona, Geneva, Montreux, Munich and online. Offering English-taught foundation, bachelor's, master's and MBA programs, it is ranked among the top business schools globally and has been awarded four stars for Overall Business Education by QS Stars. EU Business School will offer the following DBS degree programmes: BA (Hons) in Business and a Master of Business Administration (MBA).FAE Centro Universitário's innovative pedagogical approach, qualified faculty and close relationship with the corporate market have allowed the institution to consistently expand the scope and depth of its academic offerings. FAE Centro Universitário is dedicated to responding to the challenges and demands of the knowledge society, offering students opportunities for research and professional development so that qualified, competent and wellrounded professionals are formed.The Universidad Popular Autónoma del Estado de Puebla is a private, non-profit university located in Puebla, Mexico.Founded on the 7th of May 1973, it is currently a highly reputed university with important national and international presence which has over 43 undergraduate programs, 34 masters programs, 12 PhD programmes and 11 specialisations.EU Business School, Munich, GermanyDBS signed an agreement with EU Business School (EU) in March 2021 which will see them become one of its transnational partners. This agreement, which is subject to validation by Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI), forms part of the institution's ongoing endeavours to expand its transnational programmes and offer its programmes in overseas locations.University of New York in Prague (UNYP)DBS formed a partnership with University of New York in Prague (UNYP) to bring new post-graduate degrees to Prague. This partnership will enable DBS to develop a strong international ethos and build international reach and reputation.Application Information and ProceduresMasters Programmes EU ApplicantsHigher Diploma Programmes EU ApplicantsApplicants should complete the appropriate application form and submit it online or return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the following documentation:, Academic Transcripts (original and official english translation where issued in another language). Applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide this documentation, Proof of Identification (drivers licence or passport), Detailed Curriculum Vitae, Proof of English (i.e. IELTS, TOEFL or equivalent) where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not EnglishPlease see programme content for any course specific additional application procedures and specific minimum entry requirements including English language if applicable.In addition to the above, in the instance of Non-EU applicants who have residency in Ireland:, A copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) Card, work permit (if applicable) and passport, The letter that was issued to you by the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform stating why you were provided with the above documentation.Applicants should complete the appropriate application form and return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the following documentation:, Academic Transcripts (original and official english translation where issued in another language). Applicants who have previously attended DBS need not provide this documentation, Proof of Identification (drivers licence or passport), Proof of English (i.e. IELTS, TOEFL or equivalent) where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English, Detailed Curriculum Vitea, Please see programme content for any course specific additional application procedures and specific minimum entry requirements.In addition to the above, in the instance of Non-EU applicants who have residency in Ireland:, A copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) card, work permit (if applicable) and passport, The letter that was issued to you by the Department of Justice, Equality and Law Reform stating why you were provided with the above documentation.Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the Admissions Office for an application form. For further information please contact:The Postgraduate Admissions Office Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2T: +353 1 4177500F:+353 1 4177543E:admissions@dbs.ieW:www.dbs.ieNon-EU ApplicantsNon-EU Applicants should complete the appropriate application form and return it to the Postgraduate Admissions Office along with the following documentation:, Academic Transcripts (original and official english translation where issued in another language).- Applicants who have previously attended DBS do not need to provide this documentation, Proof of Identification (passport), Detailed Curriculum Vitae, Proof of English (i.e. IELTS, TOEFL or equivalent) where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English, Academic/business references (ideally one academic and one business). These are not required for Business programmes, A copy of your GNIB (Garda National Immigration Bureau) card, work permit (if applicable)Please see programme content for any course specific additional application procedures and specific programme minimum entry requirements.Applications can be made online at www.dbs.ie or by contacting the International Admissions Office for an application form. For further information please contact:The International Admissions Office Dublin Business School 13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2, IrelandT:+353 1 4177500F:+353 1 4177543E:international@dbs.ieW:www.dbs.iePsychology, Counselling and Creative MediaHigher Diploma in Arts in Psychology (PSI accredited)Course ContentAwarding BodyQuality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)Award LevelNFQ Level 8studies. The Higher Diploma represents the necessary first step to becoming a professional psychologist. Upon successful completion of the Higher Diploma, depending upon the final grade, graduates will be eligible to apply to enter postgraduate training courses in their chosen specialisation and ultimately gain employment in their area of expertise.Title of AwardHigher Diploma in Arts in PsychologyAward TypeMajor in Arts in PsychologyDurationFull-Time, 2 YearPart-Time, 2 YearsSuited toDesigned for non-Psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in Psychology.The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology programme has the following content:YEAR 1, History and Schools in Psychology, Research Technique and Analysis 1, Cognitive Psychology, Foundations in Developmental and Social Psychology, Behaviour Analysis, Research Technique and Analysis 2, Experimental Psychology, Ethical Research Methods and DesignYEAR 2, Personality and Individual Differences, Health Psychology, Biopsychology, Advanced Developmental and Social Psychology, Mental Health and Distress
, Human Performance
, Research Project

Overview

Professional Recognition: 

The Psychological Society of Ireland

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is for graduates who wish to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in psychology but who don't hold an Honours degree in psychology.

The course enables students to study key areas of psychology in a thriving research environment and, through a supervised research dissertation, explore practical issues of interest and relevance to a range of theoretical and occupational fields. Students will develop a firm knowledge base in psychology and gain experience of the research process that will build upon the skills and knowledge that they have already acquired in earlier

Students will be encouraged to consider entering their own analysis as a fundamental requirement for engagement with this field.

Aims and Objectives

Key Features of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology

, Designed for non psychology graduates and those seeking to pursue a professional career or postgraduate study in psychology
, The programme is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI) - Professional Body for Psychologists in Ireland
primary goal of PSI is to promote and support psychology education and practice in Ireland
, The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is an internationally recognised programme that allows application for graduate membership of relevant psychological societies including the British Psychological Society (BPS)
, The course is of particular interest to those who wish to enhance their current work practices e.g. Health and social care professionals, teachers, HR Managers, Voluntary and Community sector workers and many more
, It is also of interest to those who would like to develop their skills and knowledge in the field of Psychology
, The course represents the first necessary step to becoming a professional Psychologist
, Successful graduates may apply to enter postgraduate training courses in their chosen specialisation and ultimately gain employment in their area of expertise



Structure

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology extends over two academic years of full-time study, or two academic years of part-time study.

The programme will be taught through a mixture of lectures, tutorials, seminars, study skills workshops, practical laboratory work and field study work.

, An IELTS score of a minimum 6.0 or equivalent, where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English.

In year 1, students undertake the study of eight mandatory subjects that are designed to develop knowledge and understanding of core areas and disciplines and to provide a platform for more advanced study at year 2.

In year 2, students undertake a further seven mandatory subjects that build on the year 1 foundation and further develop students understanding of applied areas and key subjects of Psychology. Furthermore, students also undertake a mandatory research project under the guidance of a supervisor.

On a part-time basis students will attend classes two evenings per week from 6.15pm-9.30pm and study four modules per semester.

Advice and confirmation of module selection will be made available to students before course commencement.

Assessment

Throughout the course some modules are assessed by a combination of continuous assessment and examinations, or by continuous assessment alone. Continuous assessment will vary in style and purpose from module to module, depending upon the nature of the subject material and the teaching and learning objectives of the module. Assessments may include essays, multiple-choice questionnaire, shortanswer in-class exam, oral presentation, group work and poster presentations. Examinations are typically held in January and late April/early May.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission, applicants must hold:

, A primary Honours degree award of at least pass level in a non-cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution, or equivalent qualification.

Career Opportunities

This programme is accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland (PSI), the professional body for psychology in Ireland. DBS was the first college outside the university sector to receive accreditation from the Psychological Society of Ireland.

Graduates may progress to postgraduate training or professional training within psychology. In addition, students will be equipped with the specialised knowledge and skills that will enable them to pursue successful, responsible, and useful careers in a number of areas of employment relating to Psychology.

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology is an internationally recognised programme that allows application for graduate membership of relevant psychological societies including the British Psychological Society (BPS).

Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time, 2 years

Suited to

Non cognate Graduates who are seeking a career in Counselling and Psychotherapy

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy programme has the following content.

Core Modules

, Counselling and Psychotherapy Skills 1
, Stress Response 1
, Process Group
, Traditions of Psychotherapy
, Theories of Development
, Psychoanalysis
, Group Psychotherapy
, Counselling and Psychotherapy Skills 2
, Stress Response 2
, Psychopathology and Case Histories
, Research Methods and Minor Dissertation
, The Family and Psychotherapy

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy will provide students with a broad graduate-level education and grounding in the theory and practice of counselling and therapy. The course offers students a practical training in therapeutic skills and an understanding of the ethical implications of therapeutic work. During the course, students will be guided in developing a capacity for reflective self-awareness through personal therapy and group experiences.

The Higher Diploma is aimed at noncounselling and/or psychotherapy graduates. It is primarily an academic qualification, but will set its graduates on the path towards becoming accredited members of professional counselling and psychotherapy bodies. The course also prepares students to follow a variety of educational and career paths by helping them to achieve their full critical potential and equipping them with a range of intellectual skills.

Key Features of the Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy

, Conversion style course for nonCounselling/Psychotherapy Degree graduates
, Delivered on a modular basis, typically students will attend classes on two evenings per weeks and attend weekend workshops once or twice a month
, Focused on personal development through personal therapy, process group work and theoretical study
, Sets graduates on the path towards supervised clinical training at Masters level
, Central to the course is experiential skills training
, Of interest to those who would like to learn counselling skills and understand their basis in psychotherapeutic practice
, Enhances students current work practices e.g. health and social care professionals, teachers, Gardaí, community workers, voluntary sector workers and many more
, Orientation is primarily humanistic/ integrative but it also introduces students to the principles of psychoanalysis, family therapy and to research skills.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is run on a modular basis during evenings and weekends and will normally take students two years to complete. During that time students will take academic lectures as well as experiential training groups. Research methodologies and the range of contemporary issues that face professional counsellors and psychotherapists will also be amongst the topics studied.

Students attend and participate in process group work on one evening a week throughout each year, as well as attending academic lectures one/two evenings a week for two 12 week terms and approximately 12 Saturdays over

the academic year. Each year students participate in two feedback meetings with their trainers to assess not only their skills and academic knowledge but also their suitability for progression on to supervised clinical training at MA level.

Students are required to be in their own personal psychotherapy for the duration of the Higher Diploma. This confidential arrangement, including the time of sessions and fee, is arranged with the therapist.

Assessment

The Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy combines experiential learning, academic lecturing and personal development. The Theory and Practice modules in each year of the programme as well as the Stress Response modules consist of experiential learning taking place in training groups with no more than 15 students. The other modules on the programme are delivered in lecture format. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writing, in-class presentation, group discussion, self-reflective writing and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

There is no assessment related to personal psychotherapy and process group work. These components of the programme are mandatory and entirely confidential. The cost of personal psychotherapy is not included in the programme fee.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy are:

, A Level 8 full award (primary Honours bachelor degree) of at least a pass level in a non-cognate discipline from a recognised third-level institution, or
, An equivalent professional qualification and be able to provide evidence of an ability to study at this level.
, Applicants are also required to submit a personal statement of approximately 400 words outlining why they wish to pursue this particular course.
, Suitable candidates should be able to demonstrate significant life experience, self-awareness and maturity are ideally required to be aged 23 years or older.
, Ideally candidates should also have experience either professionally or on a voluntary basis in a role which can be related to the work of counselling/psychotherapy. Candidates are expected to be able to show evidence of having the personal qualities necessary to undertake the Higher Diploma course.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

The Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is not in itself full professional training but should enhance employment prospects in the following areas:

, The Voluntary Sector
, Primary Care settings
, Social Care settings
, Educational settings

It is envisaged that the course will appeal to those interested in bridging their undergraduate qualification with further postgraduate study, such as our MA in Psychotherapy. Please note that professional suitability assessment forms part of a pre-enrolment interview, and also continues throughout this programme. A combination of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy in conjunction with the MA in Psychotherapy at DBS.

Accreditation

The Higher Diploma is aimed at noncounselling and/or psychotherapy graduates. It is an academic qualification, and incorporates professional psychotherapy skills training and personal development and will set its graduates on the path towards becoming accredited members of professional counselling and psychotherapy bodies.

The Higher Diploma, in combination with our Masters in Psychotherapy, is recognised as a 4 year training by IAHIP (Irish Association for Humanistic Integrative Psychotherapy). The course also prepares students to follow a variety of other educational and career paths by helping them to achieve their full critical potential and equipping them with a range of intellectual skills.

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Acts, anyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staff, volunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Master of Arts (MA) in Addiction Studies

Awarding Body

Key Features of the MA in Addiction Studies

The programme is concerned with how these perspectives interact and how they differ from each other.

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Addiction Studies

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year Part-Time, 2 Years (day time attendance)

, Suited to those with a Humanities/ Social Science degree seeking to acquire a postgraduate qualification in the area of Addiction
, Also suitable for applicants with clinical training in health or social care who wish to apply a knowledge of the theory and approaches to addiction to their clinical work
, Graduates will be qualified for relevant position in academia, as well as in research for public and private bodies
, In addition, graduates can work at a strategic level in healthcare settings, in semi-state bodies and in government agencies shaping polices on addiction treatment both within institutions and in society as a whole

Course Content

The Master of Arts (MA) in Addiction Studies programme has the following content:

Core Modules

, Dialogical Meanings in Addiction: Theory, Practice and Policy
, A Psychoanalytic Perspective on Addiction
, Research Methods and Analysis
, Addiction Psychopharmacology
, Cultural Issues in the Study of Addiction
, Women and Addiction
, Integrative Tutorial
, Supervised Clinical Visits
, Research Project

Overview

The MA in Addiction Studies is a rigorous and formal exploration of addictions from a variety of academic and scientific perspectives: sociological, cultural, psychological, anthropological, and psychoanalytic.

The aim is to educate students so that they can carry out research in the field of addiction and thereby critically inform policy making, as well as management of addiction services. The programme also provides clinicians with a strong theoretical foundation from where to approach the treatment of addictions.

This programme is designed for students with a background in Psychology, Psychoanalysis, Anthropology, Sociology, Social Science or a humanities discipline, who wish to acquire a postgraduate qualification in the area of Addiction. It is also very suitable for applicants with a clinical training in health or social care who wish to apply knowledge of the theory and approaches to addiction to their clinical work. In addition, the course provides an exciting and thought-provoking foundation for students who may wish to subsequently pursue training in the counselling or psychotherapy of addiction.

Structure

The full-time day programme is one year in duration and contains three twelve week semesters. The course has four key components:

, An academic programme of lectures
, A weekly seminar with emphasis on research
, Clinical visits to addiction treatment centres
, A period of research for an extended thesis

The academic component and weekly integrative seminar provide a firm foundation in core addiction issues while the clinical visits provide students with direct experience of the nature of the problems posed by addiction. The concluding period of research provides students with the opportunity to collate their study and develop a thesis question in the field of

addiction studies. The taught courses cover semesters 1 and 2 (October to May), and the clinical visits straddle semesters 2 and 3 (February to August). Independent research is pursued during semester 3 (May to August). There is also the availability of a January intake.

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over two years and contains five twelve-week semesters and will require daytime attendance.

Assessment

The MA in Addiction Studies is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writing, in-class presentation, graded group dissertation and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission, applicants must:

, Have a minimum Second Class Honours (2.2) Degree in any humanities or social science discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution, or equivalent qualification or
, Be a graduate of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion style programme such as a Postgraduate in Psychology
, Have an equivalent professional qualification
, Have an IELTS score of a minimum 6.5 or equivalent

Career Opportunities

The MA in Addiction Studies qualifies graduates to pursue careers that involve the generation and use of information relating to the problems of addiction. Graduates will be ideally qualified for relevant positions in academia, as well as in research for public and private bodies. Importantly, graduates can work at a strategic level in healthcare settings, in semi-state bodies, and in government agencies, shaping policies on addiction treatment both within institutions and in society as a whole. The MA can also provide a theoretical basis for clinicians faced with the challenge of understanding the presentation of addictive behaviours in their clinical practice.



Master of Arts (MA) in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

It is also required that students take up their own personal psychoanalysis. Cost associated with personal psychoanalysis is independent of the DBS programme fee.

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time, 3 years

Suited to

Psychology Graduates and other Graduates in areas such as medical sciences, humanities, social sciences etc.



The Master of Arts (MA) in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy programme has the following content:

Taught/Academic Modules (two per semester)

, Formations of the Unconscious
, Infantile Sexuality and Infantile Neurosis
, The Clinic of the Unconscious
, Sexuality, Sexuation and the Division of the Sexes
, Neurosis in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
, Psychoanalysis and Addiction
, Psychosis in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
, The History of Psychoanalysis
, The Ethics of Psychoanalysis
, Transference in the Clinic of Psychoanalysis
, Research Seminar and Thesis (3 rd  Year, two semesters)

Classes start at 3.00 pm on Thursdays

Clinical Modules

, Psychiatric case Conference and Seminar (in St Vincent's University Hospital, Elm Park, Thursdays, 9.00 am - Years 2 and 3)
, Clinical Supervision (on DBS campus)
, Supervised Clinical Experience* (various locations)
, Infant Observation** (weekly class on DBS campus; observation - various)

* Placements

, Semester 2, year 1 (spans 15 weeks, one day a week)
, Semesters 1 and 2, year 2 (each one spans 15 weeks, one day a week)
, One-to-one client work, year 3
- **    24 months of actual observation - though the Infant Observation classes start at beginning of Semester 1.

Overview

The interpretation of dreams announced psychoanalysis to the world in 1900. In it Freud proposed that 'the most complicated achievements of thought are possible without the assistance of consciousness'. This psychoanalytic position revolutionised our understanding of mental life and the basis of any psychological intervention. Psychoanalysis is a clinical practice which attends to the hidden, or unconscious, processes of the mind. Its epoch-marking insights shed invaluable light on the fragility of meaning in our lives and on the dynamics of mental health and its collapse in illness. Psychoanalysis stands at the origin of all the major developments in psychotherapy over the past 100 years. It is designed to introduce students in a thorough and rigorous way to clinical settings and practice and so is a solid basis for work in the field of mental health as well as being a foundation for training in the field of psychoanalytic psychotherapy.

Structure

, A training centred on a series of three organised placements (some clinical), each one for one day a week for 15 weeks, starting in the second semester of first year, in mental health, education and social care settings and supervised by senior mental health professionals in each placement.
, Infant observation experience supervised by a highly qualified tutor in the field

, A final year of supervised, appointment based clinical practice in settings recommended by the college. Students engage an individual supervisor for this work the fee for which is independent of the DBS programme fee.
, Weekly Psychiatric Case Conference at St. Vincent's University Hospital followed by a clinical seminar
, Weekly psychoanalytic group supervision tutorial in groups of four students
, An academic programme of lectures presented by psychoanalytic practitioners and psychoanalysts
, It's also required that students take up their own personal psychoanalysis. Cost associated with personal psychoanalysis is independent of the DBS programme fee.

Placements

Supervised placements are organised in years 1 and 2. These start in the second semester of year 1 and each placement comprises 15 weeks, one day a week, totalling 45 weeks over years 1 and 2. In year 3, students arrange their own appointment-based one-to-one sessions with clients within a placement setting. There is a requirement to complete a minimum of 50 client sessions during 3rd year. Over the 14 years the MA has been running, placements have been arranged in the following settings:

, Department of Adult Psychiatry, Mater Misericordiae Hospital
, Department of Psychiatry, National Maternity Hospital, Holles Street
, The Royal Hospital, Donnybrook
, Department of Old Age Psychiatry, St. Ita's Portrane &amp; Beaumont Hospital
, Hospitaller Order of St. John of God, Lucena Clinic, Orwell Road
, Stewarts Hospital, Palmerstown
, Department of Psychiatry &amp; Mental Health Research, St. Vincent's University Hospital
, Navan Mental Health Service
, St Audoen's National School, Dublin 8
, Mounttown Neighbourhood Youth Project, Dun Laoghaire
, Dolphin Homework Club, Dolphin's Barn
, Kilbarrack Coast Community Project
, Saol project, Dublin 1
, Shine Dublin 1
, St. Enda's National School, Dublin 2
, Tower Probation Project, Clondalkin

Assessment

, Continuous monitoring of clinical practice
, Continuous assessment of Psychiatric Case Conference Reflections
, Continuous assessment and end of year report in infant observation
, Continuous assessment of academic components
, Research thesis at the end of the programme

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to the MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy, applicants must:

, Hold a minimum second-class Honours (2.2) in an undergraduate degree in the psychological and medical sciences, humanities, arts or social sciences.
, Have the minimum requirement in English Language which is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission where full-time study has been conducted in a language other than English or applicants whose first language is not English
, Complete a personal statement of approximately 400 words outlining why they wish to pursue this particular course
, Attend two one-to-one interviews with psychoanalytic practitioners, one of whom is typically the Programme Leader.

Applicants with an undergraduate degree in other areas may be considered on a case-by-case basis.

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Acts, anyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staff, volunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/ or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Accreditation

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy meets the Professional Body's Masters' component requirement which, when combined with the Post-Masters' component, makes graduates eligible to apply with confidence for accredited membership of this Body. For instance, the MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy, combined with the Post-Masters' Specific Modality Training in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy in The School of Psychotherapy (TSOP) at St Vincent's University, is recognised as a (minimum) 4-year training by the Association for Psychoanalysis and Psychotherapy in Ireland (APPI). Graduates of the combined programme, Masters + Post-Masters, are eligible to apply for membership of APPI which then automatically means membership of the Irish Council for Psychotherapy (ICP).

In turn, these graduates meet requirements to apply for membership of the European Association for Psychotherapy (EAP).

Career Opportunities

For students who wish to pursue training as a psychoanalytic psychotherapist, when combined with the post-Masters' training, but who have minimal clinical exposure to the phenomena of mental suffering, which includes psychiatric illness, addiction, learning disability etc., this MA provides the ideal initial step of that training. Currently a basic requirement for entry into work in the field of mental health is having experience of mental health settings during training.

The MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy is unique in Ireland in providing a very impressive amount of hours in challenging clinical educational and social care settings. A graduate with this amount of experience will have a very impressive CV if applying to work in similar settings. In addition the MA, when combined with the postMasters' training, provides a basis for developing private practice. For the duration of the MA students engage in their own personal psychoanalysis, the cornerstone of any practice calling itself psychoanalytic.

Over the years, the MA in Psychoanalytic Psychotherapy has provided a very stimulating basis not only for those graduates who wish to pursue work and practice in the field of psychoanalytic psychotherapy but also for graduates who wish to work in social and community care, or educational settings.



Master of Arts (MA) in Psychotherapy

Key Features of the MA in Psychotherapy

, Designed for graduates from disciplines related to counselling and psychotherapy
, Aims to meet the needs of individuals who wish to train as professional psychotherapists
, Designed with close attention paid to requirements of professional bodies and discussions regarding statutory and European regulation in the field
, Delivered on a modular basis, typically students will attend classes on two evenings per weeks and attend weekend workshops once or twice a month
, Comprises of Theoretical components, Personal Psychotherapy, Weekly Process Groups and Supervised Clinical Counselling/Psychotherapy Practice
, The orientation is primarily humanistic/integrative
, Includes master classes and workshops from experienced practitioners

Course Content

The Master of Arts (MA) in Psychotherapy programme has the following content:

Core Modules

, Supervised Clinical Practice
, Clinical Group Supervision
, Process Group
, Theory and Practice 1: Psychodynamic Psychotherapy
, Theory and Practice 2: Integrative Psychotherapy
, Theory and Practice 3: Object Relations
, Theory and Practice 4: Integrative Psychotherapy
, Gestalt Therapy
, Existential Psychotherapy
, Ethics and Contemporary Issues
, The Body in Psychotherapy
, Psychotherapy and the Public Sphere

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Arts in Psychotherapy

Award Type

Major

Duration

Part-Time, 2 years

, Workshops
, Self, Subject, Person
, Research Project

Overview

The MA in Psychotherapy offers a postgraduate qualification which meets requirements for professional training for individuals interested in training as humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapists in the integrative model. The course has been designed for graduates from a Level 8 Counselling and Psychotherapy programme who are suitable for supervised clinical training in humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapy in accordance with the integrative model. A combination of the Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy (or equivalent) and the MA in Psychotherapy at Dublin Business School fulfils the requirements and is recognised by the professional body of IAHIP. The MA course is also research focused and therefore provides students with a range of research skills appropriate to the field of counselling and psychotherapy.

Structure

The MA in Psychotherapy is delivered on a modular basis during evenings and weekends and will normally take students two years to complete. During each year, students will normally study two evenings a week for two 12 week semesters and attend weekend experiential workshops and seminars. In this time students will participate in experiential group learning and attend academic lectures, both of which direct their study and understanding of counselling and the theories and practices of counselling and psychotherapy.

In the second year of the programme there are two Master Class modules involving highly experienced practitioners bringing that experience to a teaching context. In order to best equip students research methodologies

and the range of contemporary issues that face professional psychotherapists will also be amongst the topics studied.

Fundamental to training in the field of counselling and psychotherapy is the undergoing of one's own psychotherapy. This work of clarifying one's actions and motivations is challenging, stimulating and ultimately rewarding at a personal level as well as grounding professional practice. Students should expect to be in their own personal therapy for the duration of the MA.

The MA programme involves students beginning supervised clinical counselling/psychotherapy practice. Supporting this, in addition to the personal psychotherapy mentioned above are two forms of clinical supervision - individual and group. The two supervision arrangements provide the opportunity for students to articulate their questions regarding their therapeutic interventions and position. Group supervision is incorporated into the MA timetable. Payment in relation to one's personal psychotherapy and individual supervision is not included in the course fee and is arrange individually with the therapist and supervisor.

Assessment

Each year students are assessed not only on their skills and academic knowledge but they also participate in two feedback meetings per year to discuss their progress in training. Feedback and assessment are the basis of a decision regarding their suitability for professional practice as counsellors and psychotherapists, and ultimately their qualification with the MA.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Arts in Psychotherapy are:

, A Level 8 undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum SecondClass Second Division (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in Counselling and Psychotherapy or an
- equivalent qualification in a cognate area from a recognised third-level institution, or
, A graduate of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion-style programme such as the DBS Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling and Psychotherapy (wherein they have passed all requirements at Honours level, including oral examination of professional suitability), or
, Hold an equivalent qualification in the field of Humanistic, Integrative and Psychodynamic study and training or have equivalent professional qualifications
, Suitable candidates should be able to demonstrate significant life experience, self-awareness and maturity. Learners on the Master of Arts in Psychotherapy programme are required to have entered their own psychotherapy before commencement of the programme. This will have been a requirement of the required prior learning qualification indicated above. Prior learning qualifications should also have included a minimum of 60 hours process group work
, Ideally candidates should also have experience either professionally or on a voluntary basis in a role which can be related to the work of counselling/psychotherapy. Candidates are expected to be able to show evidence of having the personal qualities necessary to undertake psychotherapy training. To this end there is an interview process as part of the admissions procedure in order to assess academic and personal suitability
, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Holders of the MA in Psychotherapy will be qualified to work in the following areas:

, The Voluntary Sector
, Primary Care settings
, Social Care settings
, Educational settings
, Private Practice following admission to a professional body

It is envisaged that the programme will appeal to those interested in further postgraduate study, such as at PhD level.

Accreditation

The MA in Psychotherapy offers a postgraduate qualification which meets requirements for professional training for individuals interested in training as humanistic and psychodynamic psychotherapists in the integrative model.

For instance, the Masters in Psychotherapy combined with our Higher Diploma in Counselling and Psychotherapy is recognised as a 4 year training by IAHIP (Irish Association for Humanistic Integrative Psychotherapy).

Garda Vetting

The National Vetting Bureau (Children and Vulnerable Persons) Acts 20122016 make it mandatory for people working unsupervised with children or vulnerable adults to be vetted by the Garda Síochána National Vetting Bureau. Under the Acts, anyone whose work or activity involves unsupervised access to children or vulnerable adults must be vetted. Workers include staff, volunteers and those on student placements working for a relevant organisation where they have access to children and/ or vulnerable adults. DBS will charge a fee of €25 to each student for the administration and costs of obtaining Garda clearance. This fee is payable at the commencement of the programme and is non refundable.

Master of Science (MSc) in Applied Psychology

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Applied Psychology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Suited to

This programme is suited to graduates who hold a first qualification in Psychology of an upper Second Class Honours (2.1) at NFQ Level 8 or above accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland or show eligibility for accreditation by the Psychological Society of Ireland.

Core Modules

, Advanced Quantitative Research Methods and Analysis
, Advanced Qualitative Research Methods and Analysis
, Addiction and Rehabilitation
, Psychometrics and Psychometric Testing
, Applied Neuroscience
, Motivation, leadership &amp; positive Psychology
, Public and Community Health
, The Psychological Practitioner and the Therapeutic Relationship
, Life transitions and interventions
, Professional Issues and Ethics in Applied Psychology
, Capstone 1 (Research Placement)
, Capstone 2 (Major Dissertation)

Overview

The programme will provide learners with an insight into the field of applied psychology, thus developing the competencies and skills required to relate theory to practical applications. The learner will explore various theories of psychology that will enable them to understand human behaviour from individual, social and biological perspectives.

The programme is comprised of both core modules and elective modules. Elective modules form two distinct career pathways in the areas of organisational psychology and health psychology.

Central to this programme are the areas of analysis, intervention, application, evaluation and research. There is a strong focus on ethics, professional skills and personal development.

Upon completion of the programme learners will be able to competently investigate contemporary local and global issues using an applied psychological perspective and design solutions to match.

Aims and Objectives

Who is the Programme aimed at?

The programme is designed for Psychology graduates who wish to enhance their skills and knowledge in professional areas of Psychology before entering further specialised professional training in Psychology, or pursuing PhD research. In addition, as a key feature of this programme is the development of transferable skills, the programme will be of benefit to learners seeking to enter or progress their careers in a variety of professions in both the public and private sectors.

Structure

The programme consists of 60 ECTS of mandatory taught content and culminates in an elective choice of either Research Placement (Capstone 1) or Major Dissertation (Capstone 2), each weighted at 30ECTS. The assessment components for each of these modules are due in the summer semester (AprilAugust) for the full-time programme and Semester four (January-April) on the part-time programme. Work will typically will commence in the previous semester following the completion of the ethics process.

The programme contains an embedded exit award, the Postgraduate Diploma in Science in Applied Psychology (60 ECTS, NFQ Level 9) which is available for those who cannot complete the research component of this programme for personal or professional reasons.



Assessment

Subjects will be assessed through a combination of end of semester examination and continuous assessment. In keeping with the emphasis on skills development and application in the programme, the assessment methods will require learners to demonstrate proficiency in appropriate areas, apply their learning and practical skills to provide solutions to practical issues, and demonstrate clear understanding and critical awareness of core concepts. Learners will also be exposed to guest lecturers from a variety of subject areas within psychology.

Entry Requirements

A first qualification in Psychology of an upper Second Class Honours (2.1) at NFQ Level 8 or above accredited by the Psychological Society of Ireland or show eligibility for accreditation by the Psychological Society of Ireland. (In exceptional cases, the college may accept a lower Second-class Honours degree in Psychology on the basis of an interview).

For applicants whose first language is not English, the minimum English language requirement for entry to the programme is IELTS score 6.5 (or equivalent).

Career Opportunities

Holders of the MSc in Applied Psychology will be open to careers in areas such as research and evaluation posts, teaching/lecturing and human resource management, as well as market research, social policy advocates, administrative positions, health care settings and training and development specialists. The programme may also appeal to those learners keen to pursue further post graduate studies in the field of psychology.

Master of Science (MSc) in Health Psychology*

Overview of Programme

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Health Psychology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

The Master of Science in Health Psychology (NFQ Level 9, 90 ECTS) is a one year full-time (3 semester) or two years (4 semester) part-time programme that provides learners with the theoretical background and practical skills to apply their psychological knowledge efficiently and productively to effect positive change in the world in the pursuit of health promotion and illness prevention. The programme covers a wide range of specialist topics that provides learners with the knowledge of theories and concepts relating to the contribution of psychological processes to health and illness and helps them understand how this knowledge can be applied in a variety of contemporary settings at individual, community and global levels.

Learners will explore human behaviour from individual, social and biological perspectives and through a detailed understanding of the discipline, both theoretically and methodologically, and will be enabled to assess appropriate interventions and design appropriate solutions for health needs. Modules focus on the applied nature of professional and ethical issues and advanced research methods while others have a specific focus upon the application of theory to the 'real world' allowing learners to further develop and apply competencies and knowledge in Health Psychology. Finally, the programme offers a choice of elective capstone (30 ECTS) pathways that provide an opportunity for research placement and minor dissertation, or the production of a major dissertation. Learners who complete the full programme will therefore also develop and enhance their research capability through critical enquiry and detailed analytical problem solving.

Course Content

, Advanced Quantitative Research Methods and Analysis
, Advanced Qualitative Research Methods and Analysis
, Addiction and Rehabilitation
, Public and Community Health
, Global Health
, Occupational Health Psychology
, Personal Development and Stress Management
, Survivorship
, Professional Issues and Ethics in Applied Psychology
, Capstone 1 Research Placement
, Capstone 2 Major Dissertation

Aims and Objectives

The objectives of the programme are to:

, Enable learners to explore the various theories, concepts and processes of Health Psychology.
, Facilitate critical evaluation of competing Psychological theories through critical analysis and appraisal of Psychological studies and projects in health and illness.
, Enable learners to understand how these theories can be applied to understanding human behaviour from individual, social and biological perspectives.
, Relate Psychological concepts, theories and processes to a variety of professional individual and group settings and situations.
, Develop in learners an understanding of contemporary local and global issues using a Health Psychological perspective.
, Enable learners to assess appropriate interventions and design appropriate solutions for clients' needs using a Health Psychological perspective.
, Develop in learners an understanding of the systematic, replicable and discoverable nature of Health Psychology.
, Enable learners to explore advanced research methods and demonstrate a detailed understanding of the theoretical and methodological considerations, evidencing these skills in a research placement or major research project.
, Provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their employment and educational opportunities and achieve the award of a Master of Science in Health Psychology.

Structure Full-time

As per College principles of fulltime delivery, contact hours are spread across a minimum of three days in the College week. This leaves two full days free for independent study, the fulfilment of research placement hours and engagement in the independent research process. Multimodal delivery has been aligned across weeks to ensure that learners do not have a mix of modes within any one day. Modules with synched schedules of delivery have been timetabled together on the same day to ensure consistency of on-campus and online/asynchronous requirements.

Part-time

The proposed programme is offered as a part-time delivery with a recommended learning path that allows completion within a minimum twoyear period. For part-time learners, their timetable follows a two-evening structure in Semester one and Semester three, with an additional half evening in Semester two due to the introduction of the Capstone module contact hours. As for the full-time learners, part-time delivery of Capstone contact hours is fully online and scheduled strategically across Semester two to support the preparation of learner proposals and the commencement of the ethics review process and is cross listed between the Capstone 1 and Capstone 2 modules. There are no class contact hours in Semester four, with the Capstone submission occurring at the end of this semester. Multimodal delivery has been aligned across weeks to ensure that learners do not have a mix of modes within any one evening. Modules with synched schedules of delivery have been timetabled together on the same evening to ensure consistency of on-campus and online/asynchronous requirements.

Teaching and Assessment

Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writing, in-class presentation, graded group dissertation and examination. Instructions and guidelines for all assessments are clearly communicated to students.

Career Opportunities

Areas of employment for graduates of this programme lie within the extensive range of creative networks and cultural infrastructure of Dublin and beyond.

Employment opportunities include:

, Film makers
, Script writing
, Creative consultancy
, Technicians
, Designers
, Creative writing
, Creative projects management
, Creative sector management
, Socially engaged projects
, Public art projects
, Arts administration
, Curation

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission, applicants must hold a minimum of an upper Second Class Honours degree (or above) in Psychology at NFQ Level 8 award from a recognised University course, which confers eligibility for PSI membership or equivalent professional body in the case of overseas applicants. In exceptional cases, the college may accept a lower Second Class Honours degree in Psychology at NFQ Level 8 award from a recognised University course, on the basis of an interview. For applicants whose first language is not English, the minimum English language requirement is B2+ + or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL).

Career Opportunities

Potential career options for learners pursuing the proposed Master of Science in Health Psychology include both cognate and noncognate opportunities e.g. as Health Psychologists, wellness experts, trainers, public health advocates, social policy advocates, in research and evaluation posts, teaching/lecturing, administrative positions, health care settings and in general health promotion. It will also appeal to those keen to pursue further postgraduate studies in the field of Psychology.

From the graduate perspective many continue to further postgraduate specialisms or into employment in a variety of differing roles. When the current labour market reports are reviewed there is evidence of a need for Psychologists in the areas of health care, with NGOs, in education and research areas, and now emerging in the social media providers and Artificial intelligence type companies. A snapshot of vacancies in the Dublin region alone in January 2021 had organisations such as Facebook, Qualtrics, Simon Community, Peter McVerry Trust and Praxis all seeking to recruit individuals with a degree or higher qualification in Psychology. Specific to the field of Psychology with a health focus were advertisements from organisations including Simon Community, TUSLA, Pieta House, St. Michael's House and the HSE.

Graduates of the proposed Master of Science in Health Psychology will be uniquely placed to provide an informed and articulate summary of the critical factors shaping human behaviour, specifically in relation to health and wellbeing, at individual, community and global levels. As workplaces grow and take more account of their responsibility to their workforce in supporting their mental and physical wellbeing, employers will look to our graduates to help develop and lead programmes, interventions and strategies to aid their workforce in reaching their full potential.

*  Subject to Validation.

Business, Marketing, Finance and IT



Higher Diplomain Business                                                  39 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Higher Diplomain Business inProjectManagement                              41 
Higher Diplomain Science in Aviation Finance                               43 
Higher Diplomain Science in Data Analytics                                 46 
Higher Diplomain Science in Interaction DesignandUserExperience            48 
Higher Diplomain Science in Financial Technology                           50 
Higher Diplomain Science inComputing (SoftwareDevelopment)                 52 
Higher Diplomain Science inComputing (WebandCloudTechnologies)             54 
Higher Diplomain Science in Digital Marketing                              56 
MasterofBusiness Administration (MBA)+Streams                              58 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Business Analytics                                 62 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Data Analytics                                     65 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Digital Marketing andAnalytics                     67 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Financial Technology                               70 
MasterofScience(MSc)in HumanResourceManagement                             72 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Information andLibrary Management(LAIaccredited)   74 
MasterofScience(MSc)in InformationSystemswithComputing                     76 
MasterofScience(MSc)in InternationalAccountingandFinance                   79 
MasterofScience(MSc)in ManagementPractice                                  81 
MasterofScience(MSc)in Marketing                                           83 
MasterofScience(MSc) inSupplyChainManagement                               85 
MasterofScience(MSc) in Financial Analytics                                87 

Higher Diploma in Business

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Business

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Suited to

Graduates who wish to acquire core business skills

, Management and Organisational Behaviour
, Marketing
, Business ICT
, Legal Issues for Business
, Economics
, Professional Skills for Personal Development
, Human Capital Management
, Strategic Marketing
, Business Finance
, Innovation and Entrepreneurship
, Business Strategy (Capstone)

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Business is a conversion course for non-business graduates who wish to acquire core business skills which will enable graduates to play an active role in the management, sustainability and development of commercial enterprise. Graduates will, upon completion of this programme, enter the business world and/or progress to a management role within a general or specific field or sub-field of business. Throughout the course learners will have acquired the necessary skills and business acumen to strategically appraise business opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate into decisionmaking roles with an organisation. The Higher Diploma in Business will see graduates being capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic opportunities and challenges in the business world and do so in a creative fashion promoting business sustainability and growth. Graduates will be also be in a position take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies.

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

, Equip learners with an understanding of the theory and principles underlying business function(s) and administration.
, Advance in learners an appropriate expertise in the major aspects of business, and an awareness of core disciplines.
, Develop a range of key interpersonal skills, characteristics and attitudes to learners to work professionally, individually and in a team.
, Cultivate in learners a range of key skills, personal qualities and attitudes essential to support progression to a career in business or to further academic study.
, Develop learner capacity to organise diverse information, arguments, and conclusions and present them in a clear coherent way.
, Relate business principles, concepts and theories and frameworks to a wide range of business and industry settings.
, Understand the various functions of business and demonstrate this awareness by producing a multifaceted and innovative business strategy.
, Enable learners to apply their learning through in their professional lives reflecting their professional and personal development.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Business programme comprises 60 ECTS. The programme has ten 5 ECTS module and one 10 ECTS module with the latter acting as a capstone. In the full-time mode, 60 ECTS will be delivered in one academic year over two academic semesters. In part-time mode, 60 ECTS will be delivered over eighteen months, three academic semesters.

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme. This semester encompasses foundational modules such as Management and Organisational Behaviour and Marketing as well as Business ICT and focuses on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant concepts, such as a proficiency in the use of ICT and the interpretation of the Legal Issues in Business and the economic backdrop to the business environment.

Semester two builds on this by covering Human Capital Management, Strategic Marketing, Business Finance, Innovation and Entrepreneurship as well as Business Strategy in which the knowledge, understanding and skills acquired in the first semester can be employed. Soft skill or competency based modules are found in Semester 1 namely Professional Skills for Personal Development, specifically from a business-oriented perspective. The modules when taken together provide key skills for enabling the execution of strategic changes based on insights from interdisciplinary outputs such as marketing or ICT to ensure agility within the market.

Business Strategy is proposed as a Capstone module to capture the learning acquired in semester one as well as previous learning and experience. To synthesise learning into a strategic report is a key graduate attribute and ensures the diversity of modules on the programme are linked and interrelated as they would be in a contemporary business organisation within a global business environment.

Taken together these skills will enable graduates to secure job positions in industry in the diverse field of business.

Assessment

Student assessment will be based on a combination of continuous assessment and end of semester examinations. Continuous assessment will involve a number of assessment methods, including research essays, analysis of case studies, practical assessments and projects. For the purpose of continuous assessment students will be required to work individually and in groups. End of semester examinations will usually be closed book, timed constrained written examinations, which will feature a range of question styles.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Business are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third-level institution in a noncognate area.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Graduates, upon completion of this programme, will be able to enter the business world and/or progress to a management role within a general or specific field or subfield of business. Throughout the course learners, acquire the necessary skills and business acumen to strategically appraise business opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate into decision-making roles with an organisation. The Higher Diploma in Business produces graduates capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic opportunities and challenges in the business world and do so in a creative fashion promoting business and commercial enterprise sustainability and growth. Graduates therefore, are in a position take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies as well as enter the field of business professionally.

Graduates will have the skills necessary to move into a management role within a variety of business functions such as marketing, people management or management of a department such as ICT within an organisations. They will have the business expertise to take a strategic view of business opportunities and challenges, and graduates will effectively integrate cutting edge analytics into decision-making in their company. In this way, the Higher Diploma in Business offers a consolidated and emphasised focus on strategic business decision-making fully integrated with personal and professional skills development as an effective means to improve business performance, productivity and efficiency.

Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

The Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management has the following content:

, Creating an Environment for Successful Projects
, Project Feasibility and Planning
, Communication in Project Leadership and Team Development
, Project Management IT Essentials
, Project Execution
, Project Monitoring, Control and Evaluation
, Delivering Change and Innovation
, Project Management Simulation

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management provides the practical knowledge and skills in the area of project management for learners who wish to upskill or reskill in this area to avail of future employment or further education opportunities. Learners on this graduate conversion programme will benefit from foundational knowledge and skills fundamental to project management in developing projects, understanding the planning, execution, monitoring, control and closure of projects as well as gaining applied skills in IT and the collaborative online tools available to support project management. The programme engenders an awareness of the importance of transferable and crossenterprise skills and graduates will be able to apply these skills to a range of contexts.

Programme Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

, Equip learners with an understanding of the theory and principles underlying the role and management of projects.
, Advance learners with sufficient expertise in the core aspects of project management, and an awareness of key issues.
, Enable learners to relate project management principles, concepts, and theories to a wide range of business and industry settings.
, Ensure learners have a solid understanding of the main frameworks, methodologies, tools and techniques of project management.
, Equip learners with an understanding of the various roles and functions of projects within the wider professional, social, economic and cultural environment.
, Develop learners' capacity to initiate, plan, implement, monitor, control and close projects and understand the importance of knowledge transfer and legacy management strategies.
, Develop in learners a range of key interpersonal skills, characteristics and attitudes to learners to work professionally, individually and within a project team.
, Cultivate in learners a range of key skills, personal qualities and attitudes essential to support progression to a career in business and project management or to further academic study.

Structure

The programme will be delivered across two semesters comprised of twelve weeks each across twelve months. In the part-time mode, the schedule consists of three semesters of twelve weeks across eighteen months.

Semester one comprises a broad overview of project management generally with an overview of the project management lifecycle and an introduction to key frameworks, methodologies, project initiation, feasibility and planning.

Semester two builds on this by covering more advanced modules on project management tools and techniques, collaborative online software and delivering change and innovation. Finally, learners can synthesise their learning in applied skills in a capstone summative assessment - a Project Management Simulation.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in an innovative and flexible manner, consisting of lectures, workshops, group work, presentations, blended learning and guest speakers from industry and academia. The programme is aimed at learners who seek an underpinning in key project management theories and concepts as well as project management processes, tools, techniques and skills.

Learners will develop project acumen through formative and summative assessments, which capture the resilience and agility required of graduates in undertaking projects in contemporary and diverse environments. Assessment strategies include case studies, business reports, presentations, reflective journaling, IT simulations and practical lab exams.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Business in Project Management is aimed at learners with the following entry qualifications:

, A Level 8 honours bachelor's degree in a non-cognate area with a minimum pass classification.
, A Level 7 ordinary bachelor's degree in a cognate area (cognate areas include business, finance, management).
, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.
, Applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught in English, must provide evidence of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Career Opportunities

On completion of this programme, learners will have the competencies to make them suited to a broad range of career and professional development options and progress on the path towards becoming a successful project manager in a wide variety of contexts.

Graduates have the potential to work across numerous industries, for example: ICT, education, banking, finance, engineering and construction and many more.

Some of the roles include:

, Project Manager
, Junior Project Manager
, Associate Project Manager
, Assistant Project Manager
, Digital Project Manager
, Project Coordinator
, Project Administrator
, Programme Manager

Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance

Overview

Awarding Body

Quality and Qualifications Ireland (QQI) - 

the underlying framework of QQI is the National Framework of Qualification (NFQ)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Demand for new aircraft continues to rise, with 17 ,000 aircraft estimated to be ordered globally over the next decade. This demand is being driven by passenger numbers that are predicted to double by 2030 to 73 million. An increasing critical factor in growth of the aviation industry are the aircraft lessors who now owe over 40% of the world's fleet (versus 25% in 2000). Of the world's top aircraft lessors, a remarkable 14 are based in Ireland. It is estimated that an Irish leased aircraft takes off every two seconds somewhere in the world.

Whilst this dominant market share is underpinned by the business and tax environments, it is also highly dependent on talent. As an industry focused educational institution, DBS sees itself as supporting the talent pillar of the Irish economy, and therefore Aviation Finance is a natural domain for the institution to explore the development of a new programme.

The Skills Strategy 2025 emphasises the 'increasingly interdisciplinary nature of the world of work […] which overlaps in the skills required across different sectors and occupations'. Moreover, the Skills Strategy 2025 looks to transversal skills, basic, generic, core or practical skills as being the cornerstone for an individual's personal development and the building blocks for the development of the hard, vocational or technical skills.

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance, is underpinned by a strong foundation in leadership and emphasises the development of effective financial management skills to structure aviation leases, structured finance deals using Special Purpose Vehicles, managing aviation leases throughout the lease lifecycle, and being well positioned to contribute to the digital transformation of aviation leasing. The long-term career prospectus for those undertaking postgraduate studies in business, commerce or economics remain excellent with increasing numbers of undergraduates going onto further postgraduate studies.

Course Content

The modules on The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance include:

, Aircraft Leasing Legal Frameworks
, Aircraft Leasing Taxation
, Aviation Finance and Financial Statement Analysis
, Aircraft Economics and Life Cycle Management
, Aviation Financial Management
, Digitisation and Innovation in the Aviation Industry

Aims and Objectives

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance aims to provide learners with the relevant knowledge, skills and competence to engage in professional work in the aircraft leasing and securitisation industry. It will also provide learners with the knowledge, skills and competence to operate in many areas of the finance or aviation industries.

This programme covers a wide range of Aviation Finance topics, whilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practical, applied skills in core areas such as data and financial analytics, aviation finance, regulations, operations, Aviation Leasing - Tax and Insurance. Its aim is to create a competence of core financial technologies and financial operations while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

Aviation Finance can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Through the work of the Programme Team and in conjunction with the industry experts, Aviation Finance has been defined as a combination of financial systems, data management and technology including areas such as

Project Management, Risk Management, Cyber Security, Law and Regulation, Information Technology, Aircraft Economics and Life Cycle Management and Aviation finance. The programme aims and learning outcomes have been designed to reflect these specific areas.

The programme incorporates a strong focus on so-called practical skills within modules to enhance learners' employability, and to equip them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by developing skills such as leadership, self-management and teamwork that are essential in the Aviation Finance sector, which is a rapidly changing industry which requires motivated and flexible employees. The Applied Project module requires students to identify a problem or issue in the Aviation Finance domain and to apply problem-solving skills to research and analyse the issue and develop real-world solutions, and to critically reflect on this research process.

Guest Lectures from industry and the Aviation Finance sector will be invited to participate in each module. Approximately 2 to 3 hours will be devoted to domain experts in each module, where appropriate industry visits will be organised.

Additionally, students will be invited to DBS Finance Society and its FinTech Society. Students will also be invited to attend the DBS 'Fintech Breakfast Briefings', which occur regularly on campus, and various other FinTech meetups hosted in DBS e.g. FinTech Ireland Bridge with FinTech Atlanta.

The specific programme aims are to:

, Provide learners with a holistic overview of the frameworks governing aircraft leasing.
, Provide learners with an understanding of the aviation leasing taxation legislation and networks.
, Enable learners to source and analyse the financial and non-financial information relating to an airline performance.
, Develop learners' capacity to utilise the core valuation techniques used to evaluate and value aircraft leasing investments.
, Enable learners to analyse the macro and more specific variables determining the supply/demand of the aviation industry.
, Allow learners to apply critical management strategies through the various phase of an aircraft's life cycle.
, Enable learners to evaluate the sources of capital and the financing structures employed in aircraft leasing.
, Allow learners to identify, assess and manage credit, and other systematic, risk factors in aviation finance.
, Provide learners with an understanding of the evolving digitisation, and analytic value, of an aircraft's lifecycle data.
, Enable the learners to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills.
, Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.

Upon completion of the programme, learners will be able to:

, Demonstrate a practical understanding of the legal frameworks governing aviation leasing.
, Appraise the key features of the taxation systems governing the operation of aviation leasing and aviation finance.
, Analyse financial and nonfinancial information to assess the performance of commercial airlines.
, Utilise various valuation techniques appraise value creating aircraft leasing investment decisions.
, Evaluate the macroeconomic and other factors driving supply/demand in the aviation industry.
, Apply aircraft lifecycle management strategies throughout the various phases of an aviation lease.
, Assess the sources of capital, standard approaches to aviation leasing, and the term structure of aviation financing.
, Analyse credit risk, and the management of and other systematic risk factors in the aviation industry.
, Evaluate the evolving digitisation of aircraft record management the impact of predictive analytics and blockchain technologies on the contemporary and future aviation industry.
, Display a range of personal and interpersonal skills, including the capacity for continuous learning, initiative taking, performing to deadlines, working in a team, communicating effectively.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to this programme, applicants must hold a minimum full level 7 Bachelor's Degree in a cognate discipline such as business, finance, engineering, technology or Science, with a minimum pass classification., or a full level 8 Honours Bachelor's Degree in a non-cognate discipline.

Candidates will be required to have at minimum of Ordinary-Level Leaving Certificate mathematics, or be able to demonstrate competency at an equivalent level.

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Recognition of Prior Learning

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a pass award level and who have at least 3 years' relevant work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Structure

Six Key Components

, Classroom lectures
, Case Based learning
, Practical Skills Sessions
, Workshops
, Tutorials
, Individual and Group work

Assessment Methods

DBS's Strategy for Learning, Teaching and Assessment Enhancement (DBS 2019) is a planned, actionable commitment to achieve a learningcentred, integrated, flexible learning environment. This commitment is reflected in this programme in the engagement with learner, industry and educator expertise in the construction of the programme and in its thoughtful balance of the different modes of delivery to offer a variety of teaching strategies delivered consistently across the programme.

The experiential and practical nature of the programme is reflected in the most common learning approach in the programme being lab-based lecturers and tutorials, together with classroom-based lecturers and tutorials. Workshops feature throughout the programme to tackle technical and practical topics, which emphasises the experiential and practical nature of the programme. As do the use of case studies and model examples from industry. Peer review is also visible throughout the programme, for example, the use of the pairing approach for code review and the peer review of academic articles. Directed e-learning, where the lecturer has scaffolded learner interaction with online reusable learning objects, features in each of the modules. Progressive practical skills-based exercises are also utilised consistently as formative assessment in a number of modules, together with online quizzes. Many of these formative exercises are small, with ongoing submission, thereby progressively building the learner skills base.

Learning, teaching and assessment for the programme is utilises a problembased learning approach to encourage learners to develop problem-solving skills relating to real-world scenarios. Modules will be delivered through a mix of lectures, workshops, tutorials, and teaching will focus on the learner undertaking critical reflection and critique of industry case studies.

Career Opportunities

The Higher Diploma in Science in Aviation Finance programme differentiates from existing offerings in its focus upon the digitisation of the industry and the evolution of technological innovation, and in delivery upon the programmes learning outcomes - developing the skills/attributes required to meet industry demand - the programme intends to provide a clear pathway for its graduates' employment/career opportunities. Aviation Finance can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Aviation Finance has been defined as a combination of financial systems, data management and technology including areas such as Project Management, Risk Management, Cyber Security, Law and Regulation, Information Technology, Data Analytics for Aviation Finance and Financial Services.

The programme will produce graduates who can implement aircraft finance strategies, understand the financing required for these strategies, manage associate risk, work with various legal environments, appreciate the implications of differing taxation systems, as well as producing graduates who understand and can lead the upcoming digital transformation of the industry.

Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

, Advanced Analytics &amp; Web Application
, Applied Data Analytics
, Big Data Managing and Processing
, Data and Network Mining
, Data Visualisation &amp; Communications
, Databases and Business Applications
, Platforms for Data Analytics
, Programming for Data Analytics
, Project
, Statistics for Data Analytics

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing in Data Analytics.

Overview

The Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics provides the practical knowledge and skills in the area of computing and data science for learners who wish to upskill or reskill in this area. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Data Analytics necessary for them to secure employment and perform as graduate level ICT/Data Analytical practitioners in a broad range of commercial, industrial and public sector environments. Learners will benefit from theoretical knowledge fundamental to apply advanced analytics in web and business application, predictive modelling, statistics, programming, machine learning, and advanced visualisation to data sets through a variety of tools and techniques in order to generate actionable insights for stakeholders and support strategic decision making.

Aims and Objectives

The objectives of the programme are to:

, Develop learner's criticality in order to analyse industry trends in Big Data.
, Develop learners who are capable of performing robust, significant reports on the future orientation of the field of data analytics with specific emphasis on the problem domain.
, Provide learners with a platform to develop the requisite technical and design skills required by industry and to deepen knowledge of statistical analysis and analytical models.
, Enable learners to implement scalable Big Data applications.
, Prepare learners to work effectively and collaboratively in the execution of common goals.
, Provide work opportunities where learners can apply knowledge to a real-world situation.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics is a one year full-time or two years part-time programme.

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme and encompasses mostly foundational modules that focus on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant concepts, a proficiency in the use of programming for data analytics and Statistics for Data Analytics and Databases and Business Application.

Semester two builds on this by covering advanced modules in which the knowledge, understanding and skills acquired in the first semester can be employed. Semester two also comprises an elective module of project or placement module, which focuses on applied skills.



Teaching and Assessment

Entry Requirements

Career Opportunities

This variety of learning approaches noted above can be offered including face-to-face, live online, recorded online, and directed e-learning. The experiential and practical nature of the programme is reflected in the most common learning approach in the program being lab-based lecturers and tutorials, together with classroombased lecturers and tutorials.

Assessment will reflect the applied nature of the programme and will include a combination of 'take-home' assignments, skills-based assessments, practical lab tasks, projects, demonstrations and presentations in addition to conventional examinations.

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Science in Data Analytics are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in a non-cognate area and ideally be able to demonstrate mathematical problem solving skills as part of previous programme learning. i.e. maths at Leaving Cert level would suffice.

Or

, A minimum Level 7 Ordinary Bachelor's degree in a cognate area such as computer science,technology, networking, information systems, engineering, general science, mathematics, statistics, data science.

Or

, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Data Analysts are in strong demand from industry; those who are successful in completing the course are highly employable in fields as diverse as healthcare, finance and insurance, as well as cloud computing.

Roles types that may be suitable for graduates include:

, Senior Data Analyst
, Data Engineering and Analytics
, Financial Analyst
, Power BI Data Analyst
, Consulting: Data Analyst
, Lead Business Analyst

Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Postgraduate Diploma

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

, Introduction to User-Centred Design
, Psychology in User Experience Design
, User Research and Design Requirements
, Introduction to Universal Design
, UX and UI Design
, User Testing and Analytics
, Portfolio

Overview

This Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience (NFQ Level 8, 60 ECTS) conversion programme enables learners to acquire knowledge and skills in user experience, interactive technologies and interaction design in order to apply these skills in a real-world, professional context.

Learners will understand the key concepts and theories underpinning user experience (UX) and user interaction (UI) whilst also developing applied skills and understanding in this field. Learners will be introduced to user-centred approaches in design; explore the life cycle of the user experience and interaction design process, its purpose, research approach, the psychology behind user experience design, how to design for accessibility using universal design principles, as well as user-testing and metrics, design thinking and game design.

Through discovering the user experience context and the industrystandard tools, technologies and specific project deliverables, learners will be able to apply their learning in personal and professional contexts.

The objectives of the programme are to:

, Provide an academically rigorous framework through which students can develop an awareness of usercentred design learning in the user experience field.
, Develop a systematic detailed knowledge, experience and understanding of digital content curation for user experience in a modern organisation.
, Demonstrate knowledge of interaction design, technologies and tools.
, Develop learners' knowledge and ability to apply interaction design and user experience to social, cognitive and behavioural psychology.
, Enable learners to explore universal design principles and design thinking through gamification pedagogy.
, Develop an in-depth appreciation of user testing and analytics and learn how these drive an organisation.
, Apply user-research skills and curation ability to create a portfolio using effective and engaging user experience design.

Structure

The full-time programme will be delivered across two semesters of twelve weeks each across twelve months. In the part-time mode, the schedule consists of three semesters of twelve weeks across eighteen months.

Semester one sets out to introduce the students to the importance of design practice, behavioural theory, design practice and technology know-how that is necessary for a career as interaction designer, user researcher, or head of user experience. It focuses upon the analysis, design, prototyping and evaluation of multimedia, multimodal, and multi-platform user interfaces that are easy to use and support a great user experience.



Semester two, builds upon the foundations of Semester One with more applied structure to develop the learners' technical proficiencies and aptitudes towards creating value enhancing design solutions. The modules address a wide range of decision-making applications and factors encompassed within the modern IxD function.

The students will then complete a portfolio providing the learners with an opportunity to apply their skills and knowledge gained, and apply it to a creative problem - industry driven solving design projects.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in a multimodal and flexible delivery consisting of face-to-face lectures, live online workshops and on-demand resources.

Due to the practical nature of this programme the summative assessment strategy is focused on a continuous assignment basis which gives the learner the opportunity to synthesise and build their learning in a portfolio at the end of the programme.

Assessment strategies include individual and group work, work portfolio, presentations, storyboards etc.

Career Opportunities

Entry Requirements

The Higher Diploma in Science in Interaction Design and User Experience (Level 8, 60 ECTS) is aimed a learners with the following entry qualifications:

, A Level 8 honours bachelor's degree in a non-cognate area with a minimum pass classification.

Or

, A Level 7 ordinary bachelor's degree in a cognate area (cognate areas include marketing, technology and related areas).

Or

, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

The rise in employment opportunities in the area of interaction design and user experience is a global trend with increasing number of employment opportunities in sectors that are seeing a big boost in the use of new technologies in the areas of design interaction and user experience and the Internet of Things that are critical in new and emerging sectors of ICT, gaming, mobile communications, media, medical devices, connected health and many more.

Role types that may be suitable for graduates include:

, Interaction Designer
, User Experience Researcher
, User Experience Designer
, UX Strategist &amp; Interaction Designer
, Visual Interaction Designer etc.

Higher Diploma in Science in Financial Technology (FinTech)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Financial Technology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

The Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech has the following content:

Block I

, Financial Services Innovation
, Fintech Regulatory Environment

Block II

, Data Analytics
, Fintech Operations

Block III

, Blockchain and e-payments
, Capstone (Project)

Overview

Technological innovation applied to financial services has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global financial system over the next decade.

This has created demand from graduates and employees for programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing financial services industry.

This is an interdisciplinary programme that focuses on finance, data analytics and computing. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to FinTech - the technology enabled business model innovation in the financial sector.

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-toend covering a wide range of financial technology topics, whilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as data and financial analytics, e-Finance, financial services and cybersecurity while also offering applied skills in contemporary topics such as data analytics, and financial applications. Its aim is to create a mastery of core financial technologies and financial systems while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

, Develop learner's criticality in order to analyse industry trends in Fintech
, Provide learners with a platform to develop the requisite knowledge and technical skills in current and developing financial technologies
, Prepare learners to work effectively and collaboratively in the execution of common goals
, Provide learners with systematic knowledge of the management of Financial Technology in organisational and regulatory contexts
, Facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace
, Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner
, Enable the learner to identify, develop and apply analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills
, Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.



Structure

Assessment

The programme is structured to deliver the taught component, contributing 60 credits in one year full-time and two years part-time.

Full-time

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission Non-EU applicants, resident outside Ireland/EU, must apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

For full-time students, the taught component consists of the six modules.

Part-time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

The course has six key components:

1. Class room lectures
2.  Case-based learning
3.  Practical skills sessions
4.  Workshops
5.  Tutorials
6.  Individual and group work

The Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Modules will be delivered through a mix of lectures, workshops and tutorials, and teaching will focus on the learner applying problem solving skills and undertaking critical reflection and critique of case studies. Assessment methods include in-class tests and MCQS, presentations, analysis of case studies, assignments and project work.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech are a Level 8 degree in a cognate discipline OR a Level 8 degree in a non-cognate discipline with 1-2 years professional experience in a related industry. Due to the mathematical nature of the content candidates will be required to show sufficient competency in mathematics.

In addition, for applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

Career Opportunities

FinTech has quickly become one of the biggest sectors in tech. From an employer perspective, there are a number of companies looking for graduates with these skills in the short and medium term. Career opportunities exist in banking, insurance, and technology companies as well as in innovative start-up situations.

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Software Development)

Overview

Awarding Body

Specific Skills that the proposed specialist software development stream is preparing participants for:

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Not currently available as a full-time option Part-Time, 2 Years

, Competent knowledge with ObjectOriented Programming concepts &amp; ability to implement these concepts to produce well designed ObjectOriented programs
, Ability to design, implement, test and document Advanced Object-Oriented Programs
, In-depth knowledge of unit testing and system testing
, Ability to construct event-driven Graphical User Interfaces
, Proficiency in programming languages such as C#.NET and Java
, Competency to create &amp; maintain a database using SQL
, Expertise to develop relational and XML databases including native and Hybrid XML databases
, Proficiency in current database &amp; web application development languages and frameworks
, Competency in document markup languages particularly HTML5, XHTML and XML
, Ability to develop Web-based applications using .Net framework &amp; specifically ASP.NET
, Expertise to manipulate a database from a web application using ADO.NET
, Proficiency in using advanced Web development tools and techniques such as DHTML and AJAX
, Designing and Developing a server side web application with database integration
, Integrate social media features using API's
, Application of current &amp; emerging technologies to enhance the functionality of web application components.

Dublin Business School (DBS) in conjunction with Springboard+ and their Partner Network and other relevant industry partners have developed an intensive Part-Time Level 8 conversion award for a Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Software Development). This programme is specifically designed to address the demand for graduates with ICT skills in areas including Software Development and Software Engineering.

Aims &amp; Objectives

The primary objective of the programme is to address ICT Skills gaps through the successful conversion of talented learners from non-computing/IT disciplines to meet identified skills needs in the economy.

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing. A feature of the part-time programme is the opportunity for the learner to engage in an industry related project. In addition to acquiring new skills, learners will apply and reinforce the knowledge and practical skills they have acquired during the taught element of the programme.

In Ireland in general software developers are among the most in-demand roles in the tech sector. Key skills common to all streams of the programme and acquired throughout semester one of the taught programme will include the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the core IT skills of software development, database design &amp; development, web application, networking and operating systems. Design, develop, test and document software.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Higher Diploma in Science in Computing are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in any discipline.
, Candidates will ideally be able to demonstrate technical or mathematical problem-solving skills as part of previous programme learning. Typically, holders of more technical, numerate degrees are like to gain a higher ranking in any order of merit in selection for the programme.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures

Course Content

This course will run over two academic years, with four semesters. Modules within this programme include:

, Information Systems Development &amp; Management
, Principles of Programming
, Database Design and Development
, Operating Systems &amp; Networks
, Web Design and Development
, Object Oriented Programming

Students will be provided with a significant grounding in core computing modules. Students will pursue a specialisation stream in Software Development. This element is a focused set of modules and project work designed to bring candidates quickly to the industry entry standard for graduates in their chosen field of specialisation.

Specialised core modules include:

, Advanced Programming
, Web and Cloud Application Development

Upon completion of the above students will complete either a project or a work placement.

Personal Development Programme

To complement the academic programme, learners will follow a skills based Personal Development Programme (PDP). The programme has been designed in collaboration with industry to ensure that graduates are able to demonstrate the personal skills and aptitudes employers have highlighted as requirements and to assist graduates of the programme to integrate effectively into the work place. The PDP will be delivered across all four semesters.

Teaching &amp; Assessment

DBS teaching and learning strategies are intended to facilitate students to take ownership of, and responsibility for, their own learning in partnership with the academic faculty. A wide range of teaching and learning methods are used in the programme to ensure all learning styles are accommodated. Methods will include formal lectures, seminars, workshops, lab tutorials, on-line video demonstrations, and presentations that will emphasise student participation and application to case studies and relevant computing and business issues.

The focus of the programme is on the application of learning to the real-life environment and therefore a significant proportion of this programme is computer based. Learners will be required to practice taught skills and elements of the course via self directed learning. Intellectual skills are developed through project work, tutorial work and coursework assignments. In addition to the accredited modules learners will be timetabled to participate in personal development activities. Learners will therefore gain the necessary additional applied skills in order to expedite their integration into the workplace

Structure

The programme contains a deliberate mix of professional certification in relevant industry skills, personal development and academic content. The part-time programme will run over 2 academic years, and typically students will attend 2 evenings per week with some weekends per semester.

Career Opportunities

Upon completion of the programme, graduates would typically take up roles as:

, Software Engineer/Developers/ Programmers/testers
, Net Developer
, Web Developer
, Trainee Programme Analyst
, Project Support Engineer
, Technical Support Engineer
, Database designer and developer
, CRM Developer
, IT Consultant

DBS fully recognises the importance of job readiness to the ICT Skills programme participant and has put in place an integrated and comprehensive Personal and Professional Development Service for ICT participants entitled "Jump Start Your Career". This intensive programme covers every aspect of the job procurement process and has greatly assisted ICT skills programme participants with their job search activities and preparation for employment.

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Web and Cloud Technologies)

Overview

Awarding Body

, In-depth knowledge of fundamentals of Object-oriented programming using C#.NET

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

, Competency in document mark-up languages particularly HTML5, XHTML and XML
, Proficiency in using advanced Web development tools and techniques such as DHTML and AJAX
, Competency to create, design and develop a server side web application with database integration
, Ability to design and develop relational and XML database models and implement them
, Expertise to develop native and Hybrid XML databases
, Access a database from a web application using ADO.NET
, Integrate social media features using API's
, In-depth understanding of Web services standards
, Apply current &amp; emerging technologies to enhance the functionality of web application components
, Competent understanding of cloud computing, deployment &amp; delivery models and cloud infrastructure skills
, High level of knowledge of the underlying enablers of cloud computing, namely virtualisation, implementation mediums and storage frameworks
, Design, configure &amp; manage a switched network. Implement a hierarchical structure, loop avoidance, switch convergence &amp; VLANS
, Design and implement a classless IP addressing scheme for a network
, In-depth understanding of WAN technologies, from Frame Relay to MPLS to MetroEthernet
, Build, configure, maintain &amp; trouble shoot a network
, Developing content on cloud such as using Content Management Systems such as Joomla, etc. on Windows Azure platform.

DBS in conjunction with Springboard+, Microsoft Ireland, their Partner Network and other Industry Partners have developed an intensive Part-Time Level 8 conversion award for a Postgraduate Higher Diploma in Science in Computing (Web &amp; Cloud Technologies). This programme is specifically designed to assist participants in obtaining jobs such as Web Developers, Cloud Support Consultants or Analysts.

Aims &amp; Objectives

The primary objective of the programme is to address ICT Skills gaps through the successful conversion of talented learners from non-computing/IT disciplines to meet.

The overall aim of the programme is to provide graduates with the underpinning academic knowledge to enhance their educational and employment opportunities and to achieve the award of a Higher Diploma in Science in Computing. A feature of the part-time programme is the opportunity for the learner to engage in an industry related project. In addition to acquiring new skills, learners will apply and reinforce the knowledge and practical skills they have acquired during the taught element of the programme.

In Ireland in general software developers are among the most indemand roles in the tech sector. Key skills common to all streams of the programme and acquired throughout semester one of the taught programme will include the ability to demonstrate an understanding of the core IT skills of software development, database design &amp; development, web application, networking and operating systems. Design, develop, test and document software.

Specific Skills that the proposed specialist stream is preparing participants for:

, Proficiency in current database and web application development languages and frameworks

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Higher Diploma in Science in Computing are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Pass classification from a recognised third level institution in any discipline.
, Candidates will ideally be able to demonstrate technical or mathematical problem-solving skills as part of previous programme learning. Typically, holders of more technical, numerate degrees are like to gain a higher ranking in any order of merit in selection for the programme.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedure

Course Content

This course will run over two academic years, with four semesters. Modules within this programme include:

, Information Systems Development &amp; Management
, Principles of Programming
, Database Design and Development
, Operating Systems &amp; Networks
, Web Design and Development
, Object-Oriented Programming

Students will be provided with a significant grounding in core computing modules. Students will pursue a specialisation stream in Web &amp; Cloud Technologies. This element is a focused set of modules and project work designed to bring candidates quickly to the industry entry standard for graduates in their chosen field of specialisation.

Specialised core modules include:

, Web and Cloud Application Development
, Cloud Infrastructure and Virtualisation
, Advanced Web Technologies

Upon completion of the above students will complete either a project or a work placement.

Personal Development Programme

To complement the academic programme, learners will follow a skills based Personal Development Programme (PDP). The programme has been designed in collaboration with industry to ensure that graduates are able to demonstrate the personal skills and aptitudes employers have highlighted as requirements and to assist graduates of the programme to integrate effectively into the work place. The PDP will be delivered across all four semesters.

Teaching &amp; Assessment

DBS teaching and learning strategies are intended to facilitate students to take ownership of, and responsibility for, their own learning in partnership with the academic faculty. A wide range of teaching and learning methods are used in the programme to ensure all learning styles are accommodated. Methods will include formal lectures, seminars, workshops, lab tutorials, on-line video demonstrations, and presentations that will emphasise student participation and application to case studies and relevant computing and business issues.

The focus of the programme is on the application of learning to the real-life environment and therefore a significant proportion of this programme is computer based. Learners will be required to practice taught skills and elements of the course via self-directed learning. Intellectual skills are developed through project work, tutorial work and coursework assignments. In addition to the accredited modules learners will be timetabled to participate in personal development activities. Learners will therefore gain the necessary additional applied skills in order to expedite their integration into the workplace

Structure

The programme contains a deliberate mix of professional certification in relevant industry skills, personal development and academic content. This programme will run over 2 academic years and typically students will attend two evenings per week with some weekends per semester.

Career Opportunities/ Progression to Further Study

Upon completion of the programme, graduates would typically take up roles as:

, Cloud Administrators
, Cloud Computing Specialists
, Windows Administrator
, Web Developers/Analyst
, Network Engineer
, IT Support
, Network Project Manager
, Data Operations Engineer
, Database designer and developer

DBS fully recognises the importance of job readiness to the ICT Skills programme participant and has put in place an integrated and comprehensive Personal and Professional Development Service for ICT participants entitled "Jump Start Your Career". This intensive programme covers every aspect of the job procurement process and has greatly assisted ICT skills programme participants with their job search activities and preparation for employment

Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing

Overview

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 8

Title of Award

Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time: 1 Year

Part-Time: 18 Months

As more organisations rely on rich content to drive marketing success and serve customers, the ability to effectively manage digital assets and connect creative content across platforms and touchpoints becomes imperative. The Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing is a conversion programme for graduates who wish to up-skill in digital marketing strategy, theory and practice. Graduates will acquire the necessary skills and acumen to appraise and operationalise digital marketing opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate these into decision-making roles with an organisation.

The programme will enable graduates to play an active role in a diverse range of digital marketing roles and to be in a position to take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies, such as the Master of Science in Digital Marketing.

Course Content

, Digital Marketing Management
, Digital Content and Storytelling
, Digital Marketing Communications
, Digital Marketing Technologies and Tools
, E-Business Emerging Technologies
, Digital Marketing Analytics and Metrics
, Digital Portfolio

Programme Objectives

, Provide an academically rigorous framework through which students can develop an awareness of current problems and/or new insights in the digital marketing function to further develop and expand their knowledge of digital marketing.
, Develop a systematic detailed knowledge, experience and understanding of digital content curation for digital marketing in a modern organisation.
, Develop learners' knowledge and ability to apply and use integrated digital marketing communications, particularly within campaigns, with the intention of using this knowledge creatively in the delivery of digital marketing strategies.
, Demonstrate knowledge of marketing technologies and tools and the role they play in marketing strategies.
, Develop an in-depth appreciation of modern data-driven metrics for marketing activities, and knowledge of using to drive an organisation's e-business programme.
, Provide learners with the tools to explore web analytics and understand campaign metrics.
, Apply advanced research skills, constructively criticise, draw conclusions and offer recommendations within the marketing environment.

Structure

The Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing programme comprises two 5 ECTS and five 10 ECTS modules, 60 ECTS in total.

Learning activities include:

, Lecture classroom-based sessions
, Workshops
, Practical lab sessions
, Online class (broadcast live)
, Online tutorial (interactive)

The Full-time Higher Diploma in Science in Digital Marketing will run over one academic year from Monday to Friday. Calendars for this programme will be available in due course. Please note daytime attendance is required on this programme.

Entry Requirements

To be considered for admission to this programme, applicants must hold a full Level 8 Honours Bachelor Degree in any discipline from a recognised third level institution, or a full Level 7 Ordinary Degree in a cognate discipline in areas such as Marketing or Business.

All applicants should have a minimum of ordinary-level Leaving Certificate maths, or be able to demonstrate equivalent competency in maths at this level.

For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid

Recognition of Prior Learning

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a pass award level and who have at least 3 years' relevant work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Teaching and Assessment

This is a blended learning programme, with one fully online module. Whether online or face-to-face, the learning is supported with directed e-learning activities and objects, where the lecturer will guide the work-based learning using real-world scenarios and case studies.

Due to the practical nature of this programme the summative assessment strategy is totally focused on a continuous assignment which gives the learner the opportunity to produce a project artefact such as: e-book, digital storybook and digital poster.

At the final year students will benefit from knowledge in a key number of digital marketing areas and work towards the completion of a digital portfolio.

Career Opportunities

With a predicted 150,000 digital jobs and an internet economy worth €21.1 billion by 2020, the digital economy has taken centre stage in Ireland's economic recovery with the industry creating hundreds of jobs every month.

Graduates of this programme will acquire the necessary skills and acumen to appraise and operationalise digital marketing opportunities and challenges and effectively integrate these into decision-making roles with an organisation. The programme will enable graduates to work in diverse range of digital marketing roles and/or be in a position to take up further Level 9 postgraduate studies, such as the Master of Science in Digital Marketing.

Master of Business Administration (MBA) + Streams

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Business Administration (MBA)

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year Part-Time, 2 Years



, Innovation and Disruptive Technologies

The Master of Business Administration (MBA) programme has the following content in stages 1 and 2.

STAGE 1

Core Modules

, Global Issues for Management
, Strategic Marketing Analysis
, Managerial Financial Analysis
, Research Methods 1
, Applied Strategic Management
, Dynamic Leadership Development
, Research Methods 2

Elective Modules - Choose 2

, Marketing Innovations
, Strategies for Human Resource Management
, Strategic Information Systems
, Project Management Frameworks
, Corporate Financial Management
, Cloud Technologies for Business
, Integrated Marketing Communications
, Reinventing Performance Management

'Making the decision to take time out of my career and return to college to complete the full-time MBA was one to which I applied a great deal of thought, assessing the costs and benefits of taking a year out of work to enhance my academic qualifications. It was a difficult decision and one from which I have benefitted hugely. I chose to complete the MBA in Project Management in order to gain valuable knowledge and understanding that I will be able to apply at work in order to progress my career. Being able to apply my previous experience to the scenarios and discussions in the lectures, allowed me to learn and reflect on previous situations at work. From a personal point of view, the lectures on research skills and personal development offered me a valuable opportunity to reflect on my skills, development and career path and I made some friends and a network of contacts with whom I will remain in touch both personally and professionally. Since completing the MBA I have returned to work in a contract Project Management role, where I have already been able to use the skills and experience gained in the MBA. I thoroughly enjoyed my time at DBS and would recommend the MBA course.'

Laura O'Keeffe, MBA in Project Management

, Project Management Practices
, Global Financial Markets
, Cloud Application Management

STAGE 2

, MBA Award
, Dissertation

Introduction

The MBA is a one year full-time or two year part-time programme that educates and prepares a diverse group of learners with the academic knowledge, analytical ability and innovative management perspectives and skills needed to manage organisations in an increasingly competitive and diverse global marketplace. The programme enables learners to commence or strengthen their career in business, as well as underpin any further business studies and achieve excellence at an executive level in their chosen profession in both the public and private sectors.

Key Features

This unique programme allows you to study the pure MBA, or choose a specialist route for your MBA award within the following programmes: HRM; Project Management; Finance; Information Systems; Cloud Computing or Marketing. This ensures students are afforded the widest choice of specialisms from which to choose. A practitioner focus is part of this programme, and industry-led workshops and guest lecturers keep information current and applied.

The MBA will include:

, Personal, academic and professional development.
, Lectures and assessment methods that apply the business knowledge required for students to perform as an effective manager in any organisation.
, Through, extensive study of key issues in business theories students will be capable of evaluation and application of important global management issues which impact on organisational effectiveness and performance.
, Knowledge and understanding of global business, especially on issues such as globalisation, standardisation and customisation of products and services.
, Skills and knowledge to inform you how an organisation is best managed in a changing world.

With these in mind, the programme is designed to provide you with relevant knowledge, so that you are familiar with the latest theoretical and practical developments relating to business management and development.

Aims and Objectives

The ability to confidently manage a business represents a valuable skill-set. In order for an organisation to be flexible in diverse business environments and to change direction at speed, they must be experts in business management and business strategy in a global context. The aim of the MBA at DBS is to develop these sets of abilities with a particular focus on a thorough understanding of business management. The MBA offers you a unique opportunity to study advanced theory and practice relating to management, and to develop an appreciation of the causes and significance of managing strategy.

Structure

Semester one: Total 30 ECTS

Four mandatory modules total 20 ECTS (5 ECTS per module):

, Global Issues for Management
, Strategic Marketing Analysis
, Managerial Financial Analysis
, Research Methods 1
, Students choose one elective 10 ECTS

Semester two: Total 30 ECTS

Three mandatory modules total 20 ECTS:

, Applied Strategic Management (10 ECTS)
, Dynamic Leadership Development (5 ECTS)
, Research Methods 2 (5 ECTS)
, Students choose one elective 10 ECTS

Semester three: Total 30 ECTS

, Dissertation

Electives emanate from the following sub-fields of business: Marketing, HRM, Cloud Computing, Information Systems, Finance or Project Management. Should a learner choose two electives from the same specialism they will be on a specific learning pathway.

Assessment

Continuous assessment is an integral part of many of our taught modules. The weight attached to coursework and other forms of continuous assessment vary from module to module to facilitate all learning styles. You will experience a variety of teaching and learning assessment methods including lectures, seminars, tutorials, case studies, group and individual projects, examinations and reports.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Business Administration are:

, Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours bachelor degree with a minimum Second Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline from a recognised third-level institution (or equivalent); or
, An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA.
, Or GMAT examination is a mandatory requirement for all applicants who do not hold an Honours Bachelor Degree (Level 8) with a minimum of second class second division classification.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

The programme is aimed at learners who wish to specialise in business administration with a view to entering industry in a high-level managerial role, to progress professionally or to undertake further business studies. Learners will achieve the business expertise to lead an organisation to strategic decision making ensuring a maximum return on investment across each department. Learners will be capable of dealing with diverse intrinsic and extrinsic business realities in a creative manner to ensure sustainability and growth.



Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

designed to increase productivity, profitability and an organisation's value and market share.

Overarchingly, the programme aims and objectives create a critical understanding of core business functions as well as strategic business management, while also enhancing the innovative capability and practical, transversal and practical skills of the learners, ensuring the success of graduates in the business environment.

Career Opportunities

Upon completing the programme, graduates will have attained a critical awareness of business opportunities and challenges capable of devising appropriate strategies for ongoing professional development as well as a keen awareness of the requirements which ensure the sustainability and growth of the organisation. The programme is fundamentally rooted in creating an accomplished business postgraduate whose insights will inform strategic business decisions, from financial to people management,

Graduates will have the business skills necessary to move into senior management roles and pursue a leadership career path. Graduates will acquire skills and competencies in dynamic leadership development and business acumen as well as business expertise and learn how to effectively integrate strategic decision-making in their organisation. The programme invites learners to critically appraise the impact of internationalisation and diversity on economic activities and aims to unpack complex theories and practices ensuring a self-reflective practice where learners consider social norms and a socially responsible approach to business administration. The programme captures the unpredictability and diversity of the business world and simulates this diversity, enabling learners to devise approaches both individually and as part of a team.

Master of Business Administration (MBA) (with Streams)

CORE MODULES + STREAM MODULES + DISSERTATION = MBA

Students who select the general option select any two modules from the twelve modules available in the specialist streams.

                               Global Issuesfor Management   Global Issuesfor Management         Strategic Marketing Analysis   Strategic Marketing Analysis       Managerial Financial Analysis   Managerial Financial Analysis   Research Methods1          Research Methods1            Applied Strategic Management   Dynamic Leadership Development   Research Methods2   Research Methods2                 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CoreModules                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
                               Marketing Innovations         Integrated Marketing Communications StrategiesforHuman Resources   Reinventing Performance Management Strategic Information Systems   Innovation                      andDisruptive Technologies ProjectManagement Frameworks Corporate Financial Management Global Financial Markets         for Business        CloudApplication Management       
MBA(Marketing)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
MBA(Human Resource Management)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
MBA(Information Systems)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
MBA(Project Management)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
MBA(Finance)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
MBA(Cloud Computing)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             

Dissertation

Core/Mandatory modules for all learners on parent and all streams of Master of Business Administration (MBA) Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Marketing)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (HRM)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Information Systems)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Project Management)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Finance)

Mandatory modules for learners on MBA (Cloud Computing)

Master of Science (MSc) in Business Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Business Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Business Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

, Requirements Analysis
, Programming for Analytics
, Applied Statistics and Machine Learning
, Business Strategy

STAGE 2

, Project Management for Business Analytics
, Financial and Business Analytics
, Data Mining
, Business Intelligence and Visualisation
, Applied Research Methods

STAGE 3

, Applied Project

Overview

Given the ever-increasing volume of data that businesses have access to today, there is a demand for employees who have computational, analytical and business strategy skills who can inform business decisions to increase efficiency and an organisation's value. This Master of Science in Business Analytics has been developed with the aim of providing learners with the knowledge, skills and research capability to critically analyse, implement and evaluate big data concepts and techniques in order to generate valuable insights, thereby assisting with strategic business decisions, increasing productivity, profitability and an organisation's value and market share.

Aims and Objectives

This new programme aims to provide learners with the theoretical knowledge and practical skills to critically analyse, evaluate and implement big data concepts and techniques in order to generate valuable business insights. These insights will inform strategic business decisions designed to increase productivity, profitability and an organisation's value and market share.

It has been designed with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of business strategy, analytics and technology topics whilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on theoretical and contextual knowledge in core areas such as statistics, decision theory, business strategy and finance while also offering applied practical skills in contemporary topics such as data analytics, visualisation, modelling, simulation and forecasting, project management, big data and business application development. Learners who complete the full Master of Science programme (including the 25 ECTS capstone Applied Research Project) will also develop and enhance their research capability through critical enquiry and detailed analytical problem solving.

Overall, the programme aims to create in learners a critical understanding of core business analytics and strategic business management, while also enhancing the research capability and practical technical skills of the learners.

The specific programme objectives are to:

, Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and critical awareness of the current and developing business analytics field.
, Provide learners with a deep and systematic understanding of research and analysis relating to business analytics.



, Provide learners with specialised technical knowledge of the management of data and the mining of data to provide insights into business propositions/solutions/ strategy.

Structure

Assessment

, Equip learners with advanced skills directly complementary and relevant to the business analytics workplace.
, Enable learners to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem-solving and research skills in business analytics.
, Enable learners to develop and enhance autonomous learning skills.
, Position learners with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and professional learning in the business management and data analysis field.

Learners will complete the taught component of the Master in Science in Business Analytics which includes nine modules forming the core of the subject knowledge and practical skills provision with the tenth module synthesising and applying this knowledge in the capstone Research Project module. This programme and the progression of the modules, facilitates the learner in end-to-end learning, demonstrating critical thinking, relevant depth of knowledge, research capability and applying practical creative, problem solving skills. In the capstone applied research module, the learner then synthesises their learning in an area of focussed interest, critically analysing relevant literature, using suitable applied research methods and research design in the production of an artefact and written report appropriate to a Level 9 Science standard.

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedback, which underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group - project bases - continuous assessment, and where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplace, and the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.



Entry Requirements

Career opportunities

The minimum requirement for admission to this programme is a minimum second class Level 8 Honours bachelor degree in a cognate area (e.g. computer science, IT, science, mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, business (including quantitative methods), maths and management information systems, OR a non-cognate Level 8 Honours bachelors award with three to five years' experience in analytics.

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicants, residents outside Ireland/EU, must apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS. Further details regarding Non-EU learners can be found in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH).

In addition, for applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

On the basis of stakeholder feedback, the programme has been developed in order to provide learners with the skills and attributes employers in industry have identified as most desirable in the area of business analytics. The focus has been refined to develop modules that focus on the skills gap identified by prospective employers.

Graduates can expect to take up roles as Business/Marketing/HR Analysts, Project Managers.

Master of Science (MSc) in Data Analytics

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Data Analytics

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year Part-Time, 2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Data Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

, Programming for Data Analysis, Processing and Visualisation
, Statistics for Data Analytics
, Data Storage Solutions for Data Analytics
, Data Mining
, Machine Learning
, Applied Research Process for Data Analytics
, Data Visualisation

STAGE 2

, Dissertation

Overview

With increased availability of information about customer preferences and actions, production processes and supply chains, there is growing recognition of the economic returns from the use of big data and analytics.

This programme accommodates a wide audience of learners whose specific interests in data analytics may be either technically focused or business focused.

Either full-time or part-time, the programme is designed to facilitate learners with a statistics/computing/ technology background who wish to upskill in this new and emerging area of Data Analytics. It will also be of interest to learners who have completed their undergraduate degree and wish to specialise in this area. It may be their preference to take the theory and practical modules only and not complete the dissertation.

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of data analytics topics. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Data Analytics necessary for them to secure employment and perform at postgraduate level in the areas of ICT/Data Analytics in a broad range of commercial, industrial and public sector environments. Graduates will have an in-depth knowledge of the practical and theoretical aspects of data analytics. The programme enables and supports learners in developing critical analytical skills and in applying theoretical concepts to the practice of data analytics.

The programme incorporates Personal and Professional Development (PPD) within modules to enhance the student's employability, which will enable them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by addressing skills such as leadership, self-management and teamwork that are essential in the area of Data Analytics. It also comprises a Research Methods module integrated into the applied data analytics modules, focusing on literature review, research technique, and their application to real life situations, data sets and how applied research and entrepreneurship are linked. These modules will inform the learner's Dissertation, which requires the production of an artefact.

, To enable learners to develop expert knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing areas of analysis statistics, and machine learning.
, To provide learners with a deep and systematic knowledge of business and technical strategies for data analytics and the subsequent skills to implement solutions in these areas.
, To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace.

, To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner.
, To develop in the learner a deep and systematic understanding of current issues of research and analysis
, To enable the learner to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills.
, to provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a taught component, contributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertation, contributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides students with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of six modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops

The course has six key components:

1. Class room lectures
2.  Case-based learning
3.  Practical Skills Sessions
4.  Workshops
5.  Tutorials
6.  Individual and group work

Assessment

The MSc in Data Analytics is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers. Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writing, in-class presentation, graded group dissertation and examination, module depending.

Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Data Analytics are:

A minimum Second Class Level 8 Honours Degree (2.2) in a cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution or equivalent.

In addition, for applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicants, residents outside Ireland/EU, must apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

Career Opportunities

There is a global shortage of the skilled professionals required to fill direct high-end jobs in this area and the report, Assessing the Demand for Big Data and Analytics Skills, identifies measures to build up the Big Data and analytics talent pool in Ireland in line with enterprise demand.

Role types that may be suitable for graduates include:

, Data Analysts/Engineers
, Data Analytics Manager
, Software Engineers
, Hadoop Developers

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics

Award Type

Developed in conjunction with industry experts, this highly practical programme provides a broad based digital marketing award with a strong focus on cutting edge skills and practice in areas such as Search Engine Optimisation, Display Advertising, Search Advertising, Email Marketing, Affiliate, Web Design with WordPress, Digital Video, Analytics and much more. Given how fast the digital marketing arena moves in terms of technologies and practice all modules are written with flexibility in mind. Students are facilitated in exploring new ideas and technologies where applicable. In this way, the program remains up-to-date with industry trends and best practice.

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

This programme accommodates a wide audience of learners whose specific interests in Digital Marketing may be either technically focused or strategy focused.

Aims and Objectives

This is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-toend covering a wide range of Digital Marketing topics. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice of Digital Marketing necessary for them to secure employment and perform at postgraduate level in the areas of ICT/ Digital Marketing in a broad range of commercial, industrial and public sector environments. Graduates will have an in-depth knowledge of the practical and theoretical aspects of Digital Marketing. The programme enables and supports learners in developing critical analytical skills and developing skills in applying theoretical concepts to the practice of Digital Marketing.

Master of Science (MSc) in Digital Marketing and Analytics has the following content:

STAGE 1

Core Modules

, E-Business
, Strategic Digital Marketing
, Digital Design and Development
, Digital Advertising and Online Marketing Communications
, Inbound Marketing
, Data and Digital Marketing Analytics
, Research Methods

STAGE 2

, Dissertation, or
, Applied Project

Overview

The massive growth of social media and smartphones in recent years, means that marketers need a strong skillset and knowledge base that is digital. Now marketers want the visibility and traceability that digital marketing affords. As an MSc the programme has a more scientific rigour to its offerings, emphasising accountability and strategic context.



The programme incorporates Personal and Professional Development (PPD) within modules to enhance the student's employability, which will enable them to integrate seamlessly into an organisation by addressing skills such as leadership, self-management and teamwork that are essential in the area of Digital Marketing. It also comprises a Research Methods integrated into the applied Digital Marketing modules, focusing on literature review, research technique, and their application to real life situations and data sets, how applied research and entrepreneurship are linked. These modules will inform the learner's Dissertation, which requires the production of an artefact.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

, To imbue a critical analysis of the current and emerging theories of digital marketing, informed by up-to-date research and activity in the digital marketing field.
, To develop the practical skills in problem identification and solving, carrying out digital marketing activities of a marketing department.
, To provide a strategic perspective (incorporating multiple-viewpoints) and context for digital marketing in a modern organisation
, To develop an in-depth appreciation of modern data-driven metrics to marketing activities and how these can be generated and used.
, To develop in students the competencies to be a successful marketer in a digital marketing environment.
, To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace
, To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner
, To provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.

Structure

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of seven modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

The course has six key components:

, Class room lectures
, Case Based learning
, Practical Skills Sessions
, Workshops
, Tutorials
, Individual and Group work



Assessment

, An equivalent professional qualification such as MMII.

Career Opportunities

The MSc in Digital Marketing is an academic programme informed by the clinical and academic experience of the lecturers.

Assessment is approached creatively with a range of assessment strategies including essay writing, in-class presentation, graded group dissertation and examination.

Instructions and guidelines for all assessment are clearly communicated to students.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Digital Marketing are:

, A minimum Second Class Level 8 Honours Degree (2.2) in a cognate discipline from a recognised thirdlevel institution or,
, In addition, for applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:
, The minimum requirement for a non-native English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. NonEU applicants, residents outside Ireland/EU, must apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS. Further details regarding NonEU learners can be found in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH).

Graduates of the MSc in Digital Marketing will acquire specialised skills and competencies that will enable them to pursue positions in many fields, including digital marketing management, market research, brand management, advertising and public relations and digital marketing consultancy.

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Technology (FinTech)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Financial Technology

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

The Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Technology has the following content:

STAGE 1

, FinTech: Markets and Services
, Quantitative Financial Modelling
, Information and Cybersecurity Management
, Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technologies
, Research Methods I

STAGE 2

, FinTech Regulation
, Data Analytics and Machine Learning
, Applied Financial Analysis
, Innovation and Entrepreneurship in FinTech
, Research Methods II

STAGE 3

, Applied Project

Overview

Technological innovation applied to financial services has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global financial system over the next decade.

This has created demand from graduates and employees for programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing financial services industry.

This is an interdisciplinary program that focuses on finance, data analytics and computing. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to Fintech - the technology enabled business model innovation in the financial sector.

This is a new programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of financial technology topics, whilst providing a focus on application and the regulation required in this area. The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as financial analytics, advanced databases, disruptive technologies, web technologies and security while also offering applied skills in contemporary topics such as data analytics, and financial applications. Its aim is to create a critical understanding of core financial technologies and financial systems while also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

FinTech can incorporate many different areas and is an evolving area. Through the work of the Programme Team and in conjunction with the industry experts, Financial Technology has been defined as a combination of financial systems, data management and technology including areas such as Risk Management, Cyber Security, Fintech Regulation, Data Analytics, Data Visualisation, Financial Models, Applied Financial Analysis, Machine Learning, Blockchain and Distributed Ledger Technologies, and Innovation in Financial Markets and Services. The programme aims and learning outcomes have been designed to reflect these specific areas.

The specific programme aims are as follows:

, To enable learners to develop indepth knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing financial technologies
, To provide learners with a deep and systematic knowledge of the management of Financial Technology in organisational and regulatory contexts
, To facilitate the development by the learner of applied skills that are directly complementary and relevant to the workplace



, To identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner

Assessment

, To develop in the learner a deep and systematic understanding of current issues of research and analysis
, To enable the learner to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills
, To provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.

The evaluation of experiential learning will be determined on a case by case basis. In such instances an interview of the candidate may be required. Applicants will be required to complete the application form and provide written evidence as to their application for entry on to the programme with prior experiental learning. The DBS Quality Assurance Handbook details the exact procedure for evaluating such applications

Structure

The learners will complete the taught component of their MSc in FinTech which includes didactic modules which forms the core of the subject knowledge and practical skills provision. It also includes the relevant depth of knowledge in the area of research methodologies in context to allow for the success completion of Applied Research Project.

The Applied Research Project module sees the learner demonstrating at the appropriate level their critical thinking in application of knowledge and skills acquired in the programme in the production of an artefact and the appropriate report to accompany it, which will outline the literature to support the need and validity of the artefact, the methodology and appropriate discussion as to its impact.

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedback, which underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/ or group - project bases continuous assessment, and where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplace, and the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in FinTech are:

A Level 8 Honours degree with a 2.2 or above in a cognate (science, technology, computing, business, finance or related) discipline, OR a Level 8 Honours degree with a 2.2 or above in a non-cognate discipline with at least 2-3 years' professional industry experience.

In addition, for applicants whose first language is not English and who have not undertaken their undergraduate degree through English the following is required:

The minimum requirement for a nonnative English speaker is greater or equal to B2+ in the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages for admission. Non-EU applicants, residents outside Ireland/EU, must apply directly to the International Admissions Office at DBS.

Career Opportunities

FinTech has quickly become one of the biggest sectors in tech. From an employer perspective, there are a number of companies looking for graduates with these skills in the short and medium term.

Master of Science (MSc) in Human Resource Management

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

Masters Degree

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Human Resource Management

Award Type

Major

The mission of this programme is to expose learners to human resource trends, and position them with the knowledge and soft skills to navigate and plan their careers including commercial drive, inclusive leadership, and ethical values. The Master of Science in Human Resource Management provides the conceptual and practical insights into the various areas of human resource management for learners who wish to gain the foundational knowledge and skills or reskill in this area. Additionally, the programme will be of interest to graduates from a non-business background who are interested in moving into a human resource management role in their current industry.

Duration

Full-Time: 1 year

Part-Time: 2 years



The Master of Science in Human Resource Management has the following content:

SEMESTER 1

, Equality, Diversity and Inclusion
, Human Capital Management and Organisational Behaviour
, Employment Law
, HR Analytics

SEMESTER 2

, Reinventing Performance Management
, Dynamic Leadership Development
, Applied Strategic Management
, Contemporary Issues in Human Resource Management
, Research Methods

Semester 3

, Dissertation/Applied Project

There are no electives proposed in this programme.

Overview

The Master of Science in Human Resource Management is designed to prepare learners for a career in Human Resource Management in private and public sector. Given the increasing role of technological advancements in society and workplace, human resource management is emerging as a multidisciplinary field with a breadth and depth of content that encompasses various areas of expertise such as: employment law, diversity and inclusion, people analytics and organisational behaviour that play a central role in shaping the strategy and leading digital transformation within organisations.

Programme Objectives

The specific programme objectives are to:

, Enable learners to develop mastery of current and emerging skills related to the theory and practice of human resource and talent management.
, Provide learners with an awareness of emerging topics and trends in human resource management.
, Enable learners to critically appraise equality, diversity and inclusion practices in the workplace.
, Enhance in learners an attitude of inclusive and analytical leadership.
, Enable learners to solve human resource management problems that would create strategic competitive advantage and add value to a twentyfirst century organisation.
, Facilitate the development of applied skills that reflect contemporary issues in human resource management.

, Respond ethically and informatively to address any new situations that may arise due to the digital transformation of industry with the use of analytics.
, Develop in learners an advanced understanding of employment law and conflict resolution practice.
, Provide learners with a systematic knowledge of human capital management and organisational behaviour in a variety of organisational contexts.
, Develop research skills and apply theoretical knowledge to work based problems.

Structure

Semester one lays the groundwork for the programme and encompasses modules that focus on providing a solid and comprehensive understanding of the relevant concepts of Human Capital and Organisational Behaviour, a proficiency in the legal aspects of HR as well as Equality, Diversity and Inclusion while also offering HR analytical knowledge.

Semester two builds on this by covering content in which the knowledge, understanding and skills acquired in the first semester are developed and applied. Semester two modules offer applied skills which focus on the humancentred capabilities and behaviours that are necessary to achieve positive business outcomes in HR profession.

Semester two also comprises a Research Methods module, which focuses on research and development skill which will inform the learners' Dissertation/Applied Research Project in Semester three.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be delivered in an innovative and flexible manner, through a blend of face-to-face and online learning environments including workshops, discussion forums, live tutorials and guest speakers from academia and industry through seminar series in order to demonstrate the full breadth of the people profession. By incorporating a focus on authentic assessment throughout modules to strengthen practical skills the professional development of learners to enhance their employability which will enable the learner to integrate seamlessly into an organisation. Assessment strategies include case studies, individual and group reports, data analysis, reflective journals, presentations and exams.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the MSc in Human Resource Management is aimed at learners with the following entry qualifications:

, A minimum second-class seconddivision (2.2) honours bachelor's degree or Higher Diploma in a cognate area. Cognate subjects include HR, marketing, management or another related business discipline.
, A minimum second-class seconddivision (2.2) honours undergraduate bachelor degree or Higher Diploma in a non-cognate area plus 3-5 years' professional experience in a related field.
, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the College's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience will be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.
, Applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught in English, must provide evidence of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Career Opportunities

On completion of the Masters programme, learners will have the competencies to make them suited to a broad range of career and professional development options and progress on the path towards becoming a successful HR manager in a wide variety of contexts (private and public). Graduates have the potential to work across numerous industries, for example: education, technology, local authorities, banking, finance, engineering and media etc.

Potential careers for graduates include:

, HR Business Partner
, HR Consultant
, Strategic People Partner
, Diversity &amp; Inclusion Manager
, Talent Acquisition consultant
, Human Resource Manager/Executive
, Client Services

Master of Science (MSc) in Information and Library Management (LAI accredited)

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Information and Library Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Core Modules

, The Teaching Librarian
, Records Management and Information Law
, Information Technologies
, Information Organisation
, Research Methods
, Management for Information and Library Professionals
, Information Architecture
, Open Librarianship
, Professional Development and Organisational Awareness
, Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

The programme is designed for graduates of all disciplines wishing to pursue a career in Information and Library Management on a professional level. The programme also enables existing library personnel to obtain a professional library qualification for promotional purposes.

This programme aims to provide learners with the theoretical knowledge and practical skills to work in positions within the information and library management sector at a professional level. It covers a wide range of information and library topics, whilst providing the ability to respond to the changing information and library needs of clients. The programme focuses on theoretical and contextual knowledge in core areas such as information retrieval, organisation and dissemination, while also offering applied practical skills in contemporary topics such as open librarianship, information technologies, information law and information architecture.



Recognised by the Library Association of Ireland.

, Provide learners with a rigorous academic foundation in, and a systematic understanding of the principles, theory and application of information and library management incorporating a contemporary skill set central to the profession.
, Enable the learner to acquire strong analytical skills to identify and critically evaluate technological, political, social, regulatory and economic changes affecting the information and library environment.
, Build learners' capacity for informed decision-making based on the synthesis of both theoretical knowledge and practical experience.
, Enable learners to attain the ability to solve practical and complex problems within a variety of information and library environments.
, Support learners in acquiring transferable skills such as leadership, advocacy, communication and IT skills.
, Facilitate learners to develop research skills and apply theoretical knowledge to work based problems.
, Provide a basis for practice and continual personal development and learning throughout learners' careers.

Overall, the programme aims to create in learners a critical understanding of core information and library principles, while also enhancing their research capability and practical information management skills.

Structure

Learners complete the taught component of the MSc. in Information and Library management by working through ten core modules gaining subject knowledge and practical skills that are synthesised and applied in the capstone Research Dissertation module. This programme, and the progression of the modules, facilitates the learner in firstly gaining a solid theoretical and practical foundation in essential information retrieval and management in

the ten credit Information Organisation and the five credit Records Management and Information Law.

These foundational modules are complemented in the first semester with the forward-looking and issue-raising Teaching Librarian and Information Technologies modules. In the second semester, learners get the opportunity to apply the foundational theory and practice in such modules as Open Librarianship and Information Architecture. The Management for Information and Library Professionals and the Personal Development and Organisational Analysis modules also offer the learner an applicable window for the theory and skills addressed in earlier modules. The Research Methods module in Semester 2, prepares learners for the capstone research dissertation in Semester 3.

In the capstone Dissertation/Applied Research Project module, the learner then synthesises their learning in an area of focused interest, critically analysing relevant literature, using suitable research methods and research design in the production of a written thesis or report and artifact appropriate to a Level 9 standard.

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of 10 modules delivered over one academic year, comprising two semesters. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage. Classes are held on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.

Part-Time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over 4 taught semesters. During each semester, students will normally attend lectures on two evenings per week.

Assessment

Assessment on the programme comprises individual and group assessment as well as examinations.

Assessments are designed to give students knowledge and competencies that can be transferred to real world employment settings. DBS Library also facilitates students wishing to carry out a project in a working library environment.

Continuing Professional Development (CPD)

As part of Dublin Business School's commitment to lifelong learning and continuing professional development (CPD), a selection of modules from the MSc in Information and Library Management are available to professionally qualified librarians (Graduate/Higher Diploma or Masters) for CPD purposes. The benefits of CPD training are numerous for both the individual and the organisation and include:

, Participation in lifelong learning and opportunity to improve professional competence.
, The opportunity to upskill in new aspects of librarianship such as open source, cloud computing, information architecture, XML, metadata, Dublin Core, new management practices, etc.
, Supporting Associate Membership of the LAI; performance appraisals; applications for promotion internally or for new posts.
, Helping organisations to develop their employees so that they fulfill the requirements of changing roles.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for Master of Science in Information and Library Management are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above

on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Graduates of the programme can progress to roles as library managers, systems librarians, reader services managers, collection development managers, institutional repository managers and teaching librarians in a variety of library settings: medical, legal, public, etc.

Graduates are also qualified for information management roles in the corporate sector such as records management and in the creation, management and promotion of digital content. Graduates of the MSc in Information and Library Management at DBS have gone onto secure positions in a range of libraries and information services including Trinity College Dublin, An Bord Pleanála, Dublin Dental Hospital and National College of Ireland.

In a recent survey conducted by DBS Careers Department, wider IT and business companies said that they would be interested in recruiting graduates of this programme due to the IT and management content of the programme.

Master of Science (MSc) in Information Systems with Computing

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Information Systems with Computing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Core Modules

, Software Engineering
, Advanced Databases

The development of analytical and problem solving abilities as well as essential managerial skills such as team working, leadership and effective communication skills.

, Networks and Systems Administration
, Programming for Information Systems
, Web and Mobile Technologies
, Applied Research Methods
, Enterprise Information Systems
, Data Analytics and Visualisation
, Computer Systems Security
, Web Development for Information Systems
, Applied Research Project

Overview

The MSc in Information Systems with Computing is an innovative programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a wide range of information systems and computing topics. The programme is designed to create a deep level of knowledge and understanding in core areas such as programming, databases, web technologies and security while also offering practical skills in contemporary topics such as data analytics, distributed systems and mobile and social computing. In addition, the programme allows students to explore the issues around the management of information technology in business and industrial contexts. The programme was designed with significant input from industry and reflects the driving ethos of DBS to provide learners with career-focused programmes to enhance graduate's employability.

Key Features

Key Features of the Programme

The programme is applied in nature, delivering a graduate with practical skills and expertise to augment theoretical knowledge and understanding.

Graduates from this programme will possess the following attributes:

, Analyse and solve practical business problems through the use of technology.
, Software design, development and engineering.
, Systems support/Administration.
, Data storage design and development.
, Software Engineering and IT project management.
, Web application development.
, Information systems design and development.
, Network design and maintenance.
, Computer systems security.
, Data Analytics.
, Business Analytics.

They will also possess the following competencies:

, Excellent at building relationships and able to work with people at all levels.
, Able to work well as part of a team as well as individually in a demanding environment whilst meeting tight deadlines.
, Able to manage, organise and lead the teams.
, Highly analytical and able to derive meaning from data.
, An understanding of ethical and legislative issues of professional and research practice such as ethical committees, etc.
, Able to apply their disciplinary knowledge to real world problems and challenges.
, Excellent communicators and creative thinkers with the ability to use IS/IT skills to inform decisions



Structure

Assessment Methods

Entry Requirements

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught component, contributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised project, contributing 30 credits. The project component provides students with the opportunity to independently research relevant literature, to implement skills gained in the taught syllabus and also to critically analyse deliverables.

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of nine modules. Successful completion of the taught component (Stage 1) allows you to move on to the Award (Stage 2).

Part-Time

For part-time students, Stage 1 delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students will normally attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops. Successful completion of the taught component (Stage 1) allows you to move on to the Award (Stage 2).

The programme is assessed through a mix of continuous assessment, skills based assessment and exams. Skills based assessment allows learners to demonstrate knowledge learned through scenario based situations and continuous assessment involves a varied mix between individual and group work

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group - project bases - continuous assessment, and where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplace, and the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

The minimum entry requirements for Master of Science in Information Systems with Computing are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third level institution in an IT/ IS or Business discipline where a significate component of the degree is related to IT/IS, or
, A Level 8 Higher Diploma in Science in Computing.
, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third level institution in a non-cognate area but holds 4 years professional experience in a related field and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionally, or



, Prior knowledge and the study of the areas of databases, programming and networking is also required.

Career Opportunities

, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.
, Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures

The MSc in Information Systems with Computing will provide you with the skills and knowledge to further develop your personal interests and career prospects in areas with skills gaps as identified by the government and industry. Typical career paths include software engineering, web application development, software analysis and design roles, systems support engineer, database developer, technical consultancy and project management roles. Graduates from MSc in Information Systems with Computing programme have the potential to work in areas such as System Analysis, Software Engineering, Enterprise Information System, Web Technologies, and Data Analytics in a wide variety of industries.

Master of Science (MSc) in International Accounting and Finance

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

The programme focuses on practical skills in core areas such as the role of capital markets, quantitative financial modelling, treasury risk management, international financial reporting, and advanced financial management. Its aim is to create a critical understanding of core accounting, financial, and quantitative principles whilst also enhancing the practical technical skills of the learners.

Title of Award

Master of Science in International Accounting and Finance

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Core modules

, Principles of Financial Markets
, Quantitative Financial Modelling
, International Financial Reporting
, Corporate Governance and Ethics
, Advanced Financial Management
, Treasury and Risk Management
, Advanced International Financial Reporting
, Strategic Performance Management
, Research Methods
, Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

Technological innovation has created a wave of disruptive activity that will change the shape of the global economic and financial system over the next decade. Digitisation and everincreasing volumes of data has led to a demand for graduates (employees) from programmes specifically tailored to the skills required for a changing and increasingly competitive and globalised business landscape. In order to meet this demand, this industry-aligned, strategically-focused and highly-applied programme focuses on accounting, quantification of data, treasury functions and corporate finance. It is designed to appeal to graduates seeking to gain exposure to data-driven financial decision-making roles.

The MSc in International Accounting and Finance is a one year full-time or two years part-time programme. This broad programme with an integrated delivery from end-to-end covering a range of skills applicable to a wide range of accounting and finance functions. The programme aims to develop learners' knowledge of the theory and practice necessary for them to secure employment and perform in a variety of areas in a broad range of companies.

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme aims and objectives are as follows:

, Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and analytical skills in current and evolving disciplines of international finance and accounting.
, Provide learners with a systematic knowledge of the organisational and regulatory context of international accounting and finance.
, Facilitate the learners' development and application of skills and attributes that are complementary and relevant to the contemporary workplace.
, Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the learner.
, Develop in the learner a contextual understanding of evolving financial and economic trends and technologies.
, Enable the learner to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills.
, Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.

Overall, the programme aims to create in learners, a critical understanding of international accountancy and finance issues, developing learners' understanding of the demands of the changing environment through up-todate and in-depth knowledge of the core and subfields of international accountancy and finance whilst also providing valuable and necessary practical skills in this field.

Structure

The programme contains a wide range of formative and summative assessments including individual and group work, projects, presentations, case studies and examinations.

Learners will synthesise their postgraduate studies with experiential learning gaining critical analysis and self-reflection skills to embrace lifelong learning to progress professionally or undertake further studies and/or research. Through the dissertation or applied research project, learners can develop independent research and problem-solving skills reflective of their expansion of financial management competencies and contribute to their chosen field of enquiry which will be valuable in a variety of contexts in the workplace.

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of 10 modules: Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

Assessment

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedback, which underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group - project bases - continuous assessment, and where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplace, and the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science in International Accounting and Finance are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in a cognate area who wish to specialise in the field of accountancy and finance. Cognate subjects include general business, accountancy and finance related degree, or
, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in a noncognate area but holds 3-5 years professional experience in a related field and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionally, or
, An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS

English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Career Opportunities

Employers have given the following job titles by way of example:

, Accountant
, Financial Analyst
, Portfolio Manager
, Business Analyst
, Business Intelligence
, Consultants
, Private Equity Analyst (VC)
, Fintech Entrepreneur and/or Innovator

From an employer's perspective, irrespective of the so-called 'hard skills,' negotiation, conflict resolution, teamwork and communication are essential to work within the industry. In discussions with industry: agility, motivation and teamwork have been highlighted repeatedly as key skills. These are important in all industries, but are seen as particularly important in a relatively young, fast changing environment such as an agile business environment.

Master of Science (MSc) in Management Practice

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

The aim of the programme is to provide students with a rigorous academic foundation and a systematic understanding of core business disciplines, with a focus on management practice and a contemporary skill set central to applied management.

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Management Practice

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Core Modules

, Marketing Analysis
, Strategic Management and Leadership
, Financial Analysis
, Innovation and Change Management
, Information Systems and Project Management
, Human Capital Management and Development
, Research Methods I
, Research Methods II
, Dissertation

Electives

Choose 1

, Work Based Learning
, Management Simulation and Personal and Professional Development

Overview

The MSc in Management Practice is a new specialised and innovative programme which has been created to meet the needs of graduates who seek to develop and expand their knowledge of the exciting field of Management at an advanced level. The broad objective of the MSc in Management Practice programme is to produce managers. The applied nature of the programme delivery ensures graduates are equipped to play a vital role in the management of any organisation. They will be equipped to interpret and synthesise information to confidently resolve complex issues which face today's organisations. Graduates will gain a deep level of knowledge and understanding of current issues within Management and then will apply this knowledge to real work situations to gain experience of practical applications.

Aims and Objectives

, The MSc in Management Practice is taught by a combination of experienced academic staff and senior industry practitioners, giving students a unique blend of learning to equip them to take up Management roles in any organisation or to manage their own businesses.
, There is a distinctive applied nature across the entire programme - most modules will use case study analysis of current issues within business to ensure participants learn cutting edge material.
, The Programme includes a Guest Lecturer Series where Managers from several business sectors will inform participants of the latest trends and issues in Management within their sector.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught component, contributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertation, contributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides you with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

Stage 1 contains eight core modules and one elective, the Masters stage (Stage 2) comprises the dissertation.



Part-Time

Career Opportunities

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four semesters with two modules in each semester. During each semester, students are normally required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.

Assessment

The programme is assessed through continuous assessment with a mix between individual and group work. At present only one module is assessed via a mix of continuous assessment and examination. All remaining modules are assessed via continuous assessment.

Entry Requirements

The minimum entry requirements for the Masters of Science in Management Practice are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline who wish to specialise in the field of management, or
, An equivalent professional qualification such as ACCA or CIMA will also be considered, or
, An equivalent professional qualification attributed to the business sector.
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Management Practice professionals are equipped with the knowledge and skills to ensure that followers are facilitated and motivated to engage fully in order to create competitive advantage. They can critically appraise strategies within financial planning and execution, project management, ethics, marketing, and people management to create innovative responses to management challenge. If graduates of the programme have work experience they will generally return to the area as Junior Managers or Trainee Managers. Where graduates do not have any prior work experience they will be eligible for mid-level roles with a view to Junior Management roles within 2-3 years.

Master of Science (MSc) in Marketing

Course Content

Aims and Objectives

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Marketing

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

Suited to

The MSc in Marketing is a programme which has been purposely created to meet the needs of recently qualified business or marketing graduates. It seeks to further enhance students existing knowledge of marketing theories and practice, and who aspire to pursuing challenging senior career opportunities in the marketing profession. In today's maturing and competitive marketing landscape, this MSc in Marketing will equip students with the knowledge and skills necessary at senior level marketing positions.

The MSc in Marketing has the following content:

Core Modules

, Contemporary Consumer Behaviour
, Sustainable Marketing Practices
, Web Marketing Management and Metrics
, Services Marketing Management
, Research Methods
, Integrated Marketing Communications
, Design Thinking, Innovation and Commercialisation
, Applied Strategic Branding
, International Marketing
, Dissertation/Applied Research Project

Overview

Key features include:

, It is delivered in small class groups which support individual learning needs
, It offers a highly supportive environment in which to learn
, It takes global perspective
, Module content is strategic in nature and directly relates to the business world
, Delivery balances contemporary theory and practice
, A rigorous scientific research approach is applied throughout the programme
, Authentic assessment strategies are employed

Aims of the Programme

The aim of the MSc in Marketing is to enhance the prospects of its graduates in the job markets and enable them to obtain entry into a variety of roles ranging from junior executive to senior marketing positions in a range of organisations both nationally and internationally. The programme is at Level 9 on the National Framework of Qualifications and with the combination of taught and research stage, it provides added value for both learners and employers. The programme is academically challenging and strategically relevant in advanced marketing and will equip students with current and emerging theories that inform and comment upon the new practices of marketing within the digital media arena.

Structure

The programme is structured in two sequential stages. Stage 1 is a wholly taught component, contributing 60 credits. Stage 2 is a supervised dissertation, contributing 30 credits. The dissertation provides you with the opportunity to critically review the literature in any part of the taught syllabus.

Full-Time

For full-time students, the taught component consists of 8 modules. Successful completion of the taught component stage allows you to move on to the dissertation stage.

Part-Time

For part-time students, delivery of the programme is structured over four taught semesters. During each semester, students are typically required to attend lectures on two evenings per week and occasional weekend workshops.



Assessment

Career Opportunities

Subjects will be assessed through continuous assessment. Students are involved in group projects, oral presentations, poster presentations and real life company case analysis. Students will also be exposed to guest lecturers from leading Irish and multinational companies and will participate in practical workshops with academics and practitioners.

Entry Requirements

, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science in Marketing are:

, A Level 8 primary undergraduate Honours degree with a minimum Second-Class Second Division classification (2.2) from a recognised third-level institution in any discipline who wish to specialise in the field of marketing, or
, An equivalent professional qualification attributed to the marketing sector.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification at a 2.2 award level and who have at least three years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Graduates of the MSc in Marketing will acquire specialised skills and competencies that will enable them to pursue positions in many fields, including Marketing Management, Market Research, Brand Management, Advertising and Public Relations and Marketing Consultancy.

Master of Science (MSc) in Supply Chain Management*

Course Content

Awarding Body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

supply chain management in addition to an industry specialism of interest drawing from modules in the fields of Marketing, Human Resource Management, Information Systems, Project Management, Finance, or Cloud Computing. Moreover, they will develop advanced critical thinking, writing and research skills through the completion of the Research Methods modules along with the completion of a Capstone Module (choice of Dissertation, Applied Research Project, or Placement).

NFQ Level 9

Title of Award

Master of Science in Supply Chain Management

Award Type

Major

Duration

Full-Time, 1 Year

Part-Time, 2 Years

, Global Supply Chain and Logistics Management
, Procurement and Inventory in Supply Chain Management
, Research Methods 1
, Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain Management
, Strategic Information Systems
, Research methods 2
, Operations and Analytics in Supply Chain Management
, Innovation and Disruptive Technologies
, Dissertation
, Applied Research Project
, Placement

Overview

The Master of Science in Supply Chain Management programme (90 ECTS, Level 9) has been designed with the specific intention of responding to an increasingly global, specialised, digital and technology-enabled business environment - one that requires an efficient and effective end to end deliverables.

This programme aims to accommodate a wide audience of learners from a broad spectrum of industries whose specific learning requirements lie in the area of supply chain management (either business, or technically focused). The DBS Master of Science in Supply Chain Management programme aims to produce individuals with the specialised skills and attributes necessary to meet the demands of the modern-day supply chain management environment. Learners will understand the core principles of supply chain management, as well as procurement and inventory management at leadership level; they will be equipped with operations management and analytics expertise; possess an integrated understanding of global logistics; critically evaluate sustainable supply chains and inform business decision making in an ethical context. They will acquire the knowledge, theory and skills of

Aims and Objectives

The specific programme objectives are as follows:

1. Imbue a critical analysis of the current and emerging theories of supply chain management, informed by up-to-date research and activity in the supply chain management field.
2.  Accrue a critical, strategic, and global perspective (incorporating multiple viewpoints) for the supply chain management field.
3.  Develop practical skills in procurement and inventory management in supply chain logistics and operations including problem-identification and solving.
4.  Develop an in-depth appreciation of supply chain analytics in the form of modern data-driven metrics to business operations and how these can be generated and used.
5.  Develop in learners the competencies to be a successful leader in the supply chain environment.
6.  Create critical awareness of sustainability and ethical processes that are directly complementary and relevant to the contemporary workplace and future of work.
7. 7 .  Identify and develop autonomous learning skills for the graduates of tomorrow who can work both independently and collaboratively.
8.  Provide the learner with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation, and further study.

Structure

Stage one of full time provides the learner with both extensive knowledge and critical understanding of the supply chain management infrastructure and landscape. The skills developed help lay the foundations and context for the advanced skills developed later in the programme. Core level skills and practical application of supply chain theories, tools and technologies are instilled through the Stage 1 modules, which include Global Supply Chain and Logistics Management, Procurement &amp; Inventory in Supply Chain Management, a chosen elective from the MBA, and Research Methods 1.

Stage two of full time builds on this by covering advanced modules allowing the learner to progress on the strategic supply chain learning curve, through Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain Management, Operations and Analytics in Supply Chain Management, a further elective from the MBA stream, and Research Methods 2.

The students will then complete an elective capstone (30 ECTS) of either an Applied Research Project, Dissertation or Placement. Depending on the elective option chosen, this will include a robust piece of industry research underpinned by academic theory, primary and secondary data collection and applied in a coherent and industry-focused research report and artefact or traditional dissertation. The Applied Research Project, Dissertation or Placement will bring together and synthesise learning from other modules, combining research and technical skills to investigate, design, produce and critically evaluate an area of research interest.

This programme is offered as a part-time delivery with a recommended learning path that allows completion within a minimum two-year period. It is similar to the full-time programme, and is divided into four stages rather than three. In stage one of the part-time delivery, students will follow similar aims to the full-time programme. They will complete the modules Global Supply Chain and Logistics Management, Procurement and Inventory in Supply Chain Management and Research methods 1. In stage two of the programme, students will study Strategic and Sustainable Supply Chain Management, Strategic Information Systems, and Research Methods 2. Stage three of the parttime delivery has just two modules: Operations and Analytics in Supply Chain Management and Innovation and Disruptive Technologies. Finally in stage four of the programme students will complete either their Dissertation, Applied Research Project or Placement.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme will be structured in a blended format consisting of synchronous online and on-demand delivery.

The blended online delivery allows for the most appropriate mode of delivery to be applied to different parts of the syllabus. Typically, the more theoretical content would be delivered through the on-demand mode, with the discursive aspects of the syllabus more inclined to be delivered in the synchronous online mode. Although, such discursive topics can also be considered in an in-class setting. The more practical and assessment-driven parts of the syllabus can also be reserved for the in-class time. Instruction on using the tools and technologies for data analytics can be delivered in class. Formative assessment exercises can be set in any mode to allow the learners to assess progress. Peer review of these formative assessments can help drive this development, which can take place through asynchronous discussion boards or in-class or online discussions. The blended approach will also avail of directed e-learning objects, such as annotated case studies, videos and reading.

Entry Requirements

This programme is aimed at learners with a Level 8 honours bachelor's primary undergraduate degree, or Higher Diploma, in a cognate area (e.g. computer science, IT, science, mathematics, statistics, finance, economics, business (including quantitative methods), engineering, maths and management information systems), who wish to specialise in the field of supply chain management with a view to entering the industry, or those with a Level 8 honours bachelor's primary undergraduate degree, or Higher Diploma, in a non-cognate area plus three to five years' experience of logistics or supply chain management and who require a qualification in this area in order to progress professionally. These will be assessed on a case-by-case basis. Learners will need to have achieved a minimum second class second division award (2.2 classification) in their honours Bachelor's Level 8 degree.

Career Opportunities

Many international companies are choosing Ireland as the ideal location for their supply chain functions, according to Careerwise Ireland (2021). In Ireland, specifically, there are currently 488 supply chain vacancies ranging from mid-senior to executive level. Job titles range from Supply Chain Manager, Sourcing Specialist, and Planner to Operations Insight Specialist, Supply Chain Systems Analyst, and Supply Chain Director.

Graduates from the MSc in Supply Chain Management programme have the potential to excel in roles such as:

, Supply Chain Manager
, Procurement Officer
, Excellence Manager

In addition, this programme will prepare graduates for further study for example a PhD in Supply Chain Management.

*  Subject to Validation.

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics

Course Content

Awarding body

Quality &amp; Qualifications Ireland (QQI)

Award

Masters Degree

Award Level

NFQ Level 9

Award Type

Major

Title of Award

Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics

Duration

Full-Time: 1 Year (2 semesters Part-Time: 2 Years (4 semesters)

Next Intake

September 2022

Application Procedure

Apply directly to dbs.ie

, Principles of Financial Decision Making
, Data Analytics &amp; Machine Learning for Finance
, Data Analytics &amp; Machine Learning for Finance
, Predictive Financial Modelling
, Applied Financial Analytics
, Financial Intelligence &amp; Data Visualisation
, Information &amp; Cybersecurity Management
, Financial Risk Management
, Behavioural Economics &amp; Finance
, Applied Research Methods
, Applied Research Project

Overview

Financial analytics arms decision makers with the tools to make sense of an increasingly complex world. By combining internal financial information and operational data with external information such as social media, demographics and big data, financial analytics may address critical business questions with unprecedented ease, speed, and accuracy.

The Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analysis has been designed to meet the growing need for financial professionals with the practical skills required for a rapidly evolving data driven financial function. Upon completion of this programme, graduates will understand the core principles of finance, be equipped to utilise data analytics, machine learning, and visualisation tools, apply the appropriate financial analytic models, and acquire enhanced understanding of business decision making in an ethical and cyber context.

Both full time and part time programme options are designed to facilitate learners with a Mathematic/Economic/ computing/technology background who wish to upskill in this new and emerging area of Financial Analytics.

Students can opt to take the theory and practical modules only and not complete the dissertation.

Aims and Objectives

The overall aim of the programme is to produce graduates with strong proficiencies in the application of financial analytics in a contemporary and evolving data driven environment, while also enhancing practical and technical skills. The programme aims to:

, Enable learners to develop in-depth knowledge and analytical skills in current and developing financial technologies.
, Provide learners with the ability to think critically and make informed, value creating, decisions based on complex and voluminous data.
, Develop learners' core competencies and technical skills in the fields of applied finance, quantitative modelling risk management techniques and financial statement analysis.
, Enhance the learner's ability to operate effectively in cross-cultural settings, understand the nature and complexities of globalisation with an ongoing commitment to the importance of business ethics in a global financial business environment.
, Foster learners' leadership characteristics which will enable graduates to lead teams and to achieve organisational goals.
, Create an innovative and entrepreneurial mind-set that will enable learners to solve real problems in an evolving, technologically driven work environment.
, Enable learners to identify, develop and apply detailed analytical, creative, problem solving and research skills.
, Provide learners with a comprehensive platform for career development, innovation and further study.



Structure

Entry Requirements

This programme is offered 1 year full-time (2 semesters). Part time, this programme is offered 2 years; two evenings per week (4 semesters). The programme is structured as seven 5 ECTS and three 10 ECTS taught modules, and a 25 ECTS Applied Research Project.

Applicants who do not have a Level 8 qualification in a cognate area and who have at least 3 years' work experience may also be considered through the college's normal RPL procedures. Relevant professional experience may be taken into account and individuals will be assessed on a case-by-case basis through DBS RPL procedures.

Teaching and Assessment

The programme teaching and learning strategy is designed to allow the learner to progress through the theoretical and practical concepts in an orderly and logical fashion. The assessment strategy is planned to ensure practical application of the core principles of the module and facilitates feedback, which underpins the overall learning experience.

The overall assessment strategy of the programme is a mixture of practical individual and/or group - project bases - continuous assessment, and where appropriate a final examination.

The programme emphasises the development and evolution of the skills and attributes relevant to the contemporary workplace, and the programme's assessment strategy reflects this clear objective.

Career Opportunities

Graduates from the Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics programme will have the potential to work in a wide range of industries, such as:

, Accountants - Financial or Managerial
, Financial Analyst
, Corporate Finance
, Treasury Operations/Analyst
, Portfolio Manager
, Business Analyst
, Business Intelligence
, Consultant
, Private Equity Analyst (VC)
, Entrepreneur and/or Innovator

The minimum entry requirements for the Master of Science (MSc) in Financial Analytics are:

, A Level 8 primary cognate degree with a minimum second-class second-division (2.2) classification from a recognised third level institution. Cognate subjects include business, accountancy, computing, information systems, engineering, general science, mathematics, statistics, data analytics or related discipline.
, Graduates of any non-cognate discipline and hold a qualification in a conversion-style programme such as the DBS Higher Diploma in Science in FinTech
, For applicants whose first language is not English and who have not previously undertaken a degree taught through English, evidence must be provided of proficiency in English language equivalent to B2+ or above on the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages (CEFRL). This must be evidenced through a recognised English Language test such as IELTS, Cambridge Certificate, PTE or DBS English Assessment. Test certificates should be dated within the last two years to be considered valid.

DBS Professional School

Ireland's only Platinum Provider offering all modes of delivery.

DBS has been providing ACCA tuition for over 40 years, and in that time thousands of students have passed their examinations in DBS, with over 1000 students achieving examination placings at national and worldwide levels.

Kaplan Financial at DBS is part of Kaplan Inc., the education division of Graham Holding Company. Each year Kaplan Financial trains over 45,000 Professional Accountancy students worldwide. As a Platinum Approved Learning Partner of ACCA, we are experts in delivering tailored content to help you study, learn and achieve your qualification.

Why DBS?

, ONLY DBS has the experience and technology to offer a full and holistic range of flexible study options to ACCA students in the Ireland and beyond;
, CLASSROOM: Students can attend classes, delivered by DBS's vastly experienced ACCA faculty, on a full-time basis;
, LIVE ONLINE: Students experience a live classroom environment, and have a choice of course schedules, all delivered through the state-ofthe-art MyKaplan platform;
, ON DEMAND: Students can study using the exclusive 'on demand' library of pre-recorded study materials;
, DISTANCE LEARNING: Students can study from anywhere using the highest quality Kaplan study materials.

ExamSitting   Classroom   Live Online   OnDemand   Distance Learning   
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
March                                                                  
June                                                                   
September                                                              
December                                                               

Who can study ACCA?

Multiple Sittings Available

ACCA is open to everyone, plus if you have a degree or accountancy qualification you may be exempt from certain ACCA exams. You must have three years' relevant practical experience, which can be obtained before, during or after your exams. This is known as the Practical Experience Requirement (PER).

Why ACCA?

Studying ACCA can help you take your career in any direction. The ACCA professional qualification will open doors to the best and most interesting employment opportunities all over the world. Employers all over the globe increasingly seek ACCA trained professionals because they have the strategic thinking, technical skills and professional values to drive their organisations forward in an increasingly data driven world. Wherever you are starting from, whatever your study options, DBS can help and guide you on your personal journey to becoming an ACCA qualified professional.

DBS offers courses for all four sittings to allow you to plan your studies across the year.

Come Visit Us

You can call into the College to talk to a member of the Admissions team anytime between 8:45am and 5:15pm, Monday to Friday. Alternatively come along to our next Open Event where you can also meet with lecturers, Student Services and check out the College facilities.

Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any of the modules, programmes or courses described in this document. While every effort has been made to ensure the information contained in this document is correct, the College is not liable for any errors and omissions.

Notes

For further information contact:

Dublin Business School, D02 WC04, Ireland.

13/14 Aungier Street, Dublin 2, T: 01 4177500 E: admissions@dbs.ie W: www.dbs.ie










Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document

Student FAQ Guide

Click the question below to land on the answer you need.

General Queries                                                                                                                                             3 

Will exams remain online for the duration of 2023/2024?                                                                                                     3 
Will all lectures be recorded and available after the live delivery?                                                                                        3 
Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH)                                                                                                                            3 
How do I upload my photo for the student card?                                                                                                              3 
I cannot sit an exam/I cannot submit my assignment on time                                                                                                  4 
What grade do I need to pass a module?                                                                                                                      4 
What is the procedure to repeat an assignment or an exam?                                                                                                   4 
Where can I find my timetable for my classes?                                                                                                               4 
How do I enquire about changing my course?                                                                                                                  5 
I want to change or deregister a module                                                                                                                     5 
Student cards for new students                                                                                                                              5 
Moodle                                                                                                                                                      5 
MS Office                                                                                                                                                   6 
Letter Requests                                                                                                                                             6 
I am an international student and I need letters for my visa extension, for new accommodation, and to open a new bank account. Where do I get these from?   6 
I need a copy of my transcript of results                                                                                                                   7 
Where do I find the Academic Calendars?                                                                                                                     7 
How do I update my personal details?                                                                                                                        7 
I have lost my Student Card, where do I get a new one?                                                                                                      7 
Attendance Monitoring                                                                                                                                       7 
I want to collect my Parchment                                                                                                                              8 
I need a receipt of fees paid, how can I get one issued?                                                                                                    9 
How do I get a PPS Number?                                                                                                                                  9 
Who can I talk to for Careers Advice and help with my C.V.?                                                                                                 9 
I am having some problems accessing Moodle.                                                                                                                 9 
A computer is not working, what should I do?                                                                                                                9 
Where can I park my car?                                                                                                                                    9 
Library Queries                                                                                                                                            10 
How can Access the library?                                                                                                                                10 
What hours is the library open?                                                                                                                            10 



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



How do I book a study room?                                                        10 
------
Where can I find resources for an assignment?                                      10 
Who should I discuss research with?                                                11 
How do I renew my books?                                                           11 
International & VISA Queries                                                       11 
What documents do I need for my first appointment with the Immigration Services?   11 
What do I do if it is my first time registering with the Immigration Services?     12 
What do I do to renew my VISA?                                                     12 
What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?                                 12 
Disabilities Office Queries                                                        13 
How do I register for the Disabilities Services?                                   13 
Student Life Queries                                                               13 
How many Clubs & Societies are there?                                              13 
How do I sign up for our Clubs & Societies?                                        14 
Where do I register for the college events?                                        14 
What are the main social media networks?                                           15 
Medical Information                                                                16 
What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?                                   16 
What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?                              17 



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



General Queries

Will exams remain online for the duration of 2023/2024?

Exams will continue to be held online for the foreseeable future, including Summer exams. There are limited exceptions to this for certain programmes. If your programme is an exception, you will be informed of this during the academic year.

Will all lectures be recorded and available after the live delivery?

Yes, other than a small number of modules where the content or discussion in the class is sensitive and unsuitable for recording. In this instance there will still be a recording of the key points of the class.

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH)

The policies and procedures that govern the running of DBS programmes are located within our Quality Assurance Handbook, located HERE

We encourage all students to familiarise themselves with the QAH linked above, especially regarding assessment, grading, assignment submission and learner conduct.

How do I upload my photo for the student card?

Please upload your picture by going to dbs.ie/photoupload. You will find information about file size and type of picture to be uploaded on that same webpage.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I cannot sit an exam/I cannot submit my assignment on time

If you miss an exam, and have a PMC (Personal Mitigating Circumstances) you must submit a ticket via servicedesk.dbs.ie along with supporting documentation such as a medical certificate, or something equivalent. This documentation should be sent before the examination date.

If you are late submitting an assignment, an Assignment Extension Request form must be completed and emailed to your Programme Coordinator, along with supporting documentation such as a medical certificate, or something equivalent. This documentation should be received prior to the submission deadline.

PMC/Assignment Extension requests should never be assumed to be approved until written notice has been sent to you.

What grade do I need to pass a module?

Please check our Repeat Assessment Information page.

What is the procedure to repeat an assignment or an exam?

Please check our Repeat Assessment Information page.

Where can I find my timetable for my classes?

Once registered, you should use the Outlook calendar in your student email account to see your personal timetable, by logging into www.mydbs.ie. You can also download the Outlook App in order to view your personal timetable on your own device. Instructions for using the Outlook App can be found in the FAQ section of the Service Desk https://servicedesk.dbs.ie



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Generic timetables can also be viewed using the following link tts.dbs.ie. Any issues with timetables should be flagged by logging a ticket HERE

How do I enquire about changing my course?

Please note a change of course mid stage through an academic year or 2 weeks after the start date of a programme cannot be accommodated. If you wish to request a change of programme in the first two weeks of your course or before classes start, please contact admissions@dbs.ie

I want to change or deregister a module

Contact your Programme Coordinator to change or deregister an elective module. Please note there is a strict two-week window at the start of each semester in which you can change your modules, it is subject to availability. After this two-week window has elapsed, it will not be possible to change your modules. This is valid for elective modules only: compulsory modules cannot be changed. You will be informed if your programme has any elective modules.

Student cards for new students

You will receive an email in your DBS email account notifying you when your student card is ready for collection. This can take up to two weeks after the beginning of your classes. You can go to classes normally without your student card if you still do not have it, and your attendance will be fixed by us until the date you got your student card.

Moodle

Moodle is our virtual learning environment, and is used for many tasks during your studies. Here you will find access to your course material along with access or links to



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



online, live or recorded classes.

Your assessments will be uploaded through Moodle and feedback given there also.

You will retain access to Moodle pages for the current academic year plus 1 year, with the exception of graduates, who lose access after 4 months.

MS Office

Learners will have access to MS Office, including their DBS email, until the 31st December of the year they graduate. Please note this access cannot be reinstated.

Letter Requests

Letters can be downloaded from the Self Service area on your Student Dashboard. The letter will be emailed to your DBS account instantly. These letters are tailored for opening a bank account, for a PPSN appointment, and to confirm your enrollment in DBS.

I am an international student and I need letters for my visa extension, for new accommodation, and to open a new bank account. Where do I get these from?

Please use our self service option in your Student Dashboard. If you need any other specific letter, it must be requested through a ticket- here. All letters will be processed within 3 working days.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I need a copy of my transcript of results

Transcripts will be available to you once you graduate. You will receive an email with information to create your account on Digitary, where you will receive your transcript digitally and have access to sharing and viewing your transcript.

Where do I find the Academic Calendars?

Academic Calendars are available here for the duration of the current academic year. Please check it for the holiday periods, exam sessions and reading weeks. Make sure you do not book any holidays during exam periods.

How do I update my personal details?

You can modify your address and phone number through your Student Dashboard under 'Personal Details'.

Please make sure your personal details are always updated.

I have lost my Student Card, where do I get a new one?

Please log a ticket here to request a replacement Student Card in the event you have lost or misplaced it. Please note there is a fee of €10 for the replacement of lost cards.

Attendance Monitoring

Attendance is monitored by scanning your student card against the card readers in the classroom before class.

If you do not have a student card yet for being a new student, please wait until you receive an email confirming it is ready for collection. Your attendance will then be updated for the days you had no card. This is valid only for the first 2 weeks of classes.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



If you participated in a class online and your attendance record wasn't updated, please log a ticket via servicedesk.dbs.ie with all the details of the online class (module, date and time, lecturer). We will check the reports to confirm if you were in class, and amend your attendance accordingly.

If you have forgotten your card, incorrectly tapped your card, or actually missed classes for any reason, attendance will NOT be fixed.

If you experience any other issues with attendance on campus once you already have a student card, please contact your lecturer directly.

To make sure you get attendance, please watch the video: Attendance Video If you are absent from class and qualify for PMC circumstances (please refer to the Quality Assurance Handbook) submit a form to your Programme Coordinator along with your documentation.

I want to collect my Parchment

If you have already been notified that your parchment is ready, you will have received instructions about it and can proceed accordingly. Should you have queries, please contact Academicoperations@dbs.ie requesting your parchment, and your programme coordinator will get back to you as soon as possible.

If you have only recently finished your programme/finished your final exams, parchments will not be ordered from QQI until your official results are released. They will then take up to 8 weeks to arrive with us at DBS. Parchments are first distributed at the graduation ceremonies but exceptions can be made on a case by case basis for early release.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



I need a receipt of fees paid, how can I get one issued?

Please log a ticket by clicking here to request a receipt of fees.

How do I get a PPS Number?

Outlined below are the various steps required to obtain a PPSN: Welfare Ireland Website- PPSN

Letters for PPSN confirming you are a student at DBS are available in your Student Dashboard

Who can I talk to for Careers Advice and help with my C.V.?

Please contact the Careers Team who will be delighted to help.

I am having some problems accessing Moodle.

Please phone IT: 01-4177-573

A computer is not working, what should I do?

If there is a problem with any of the computers that you are working on at DBS, it is important to report it to the IT Department, you can phone 01-4177-573 or log a ticket here. You can also see our Information Technology Services page for more information.

Where can I park my car?

Parking is available at Drury Street Car Park.

Daytime Rate - Max €10 - Please note that the Daytime Student Rate will increase from €2.00 per hour to €2.50 per hour from 1st Feb 2020.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Monday - Saturday 7:30am to 1am

Evening Rate - €3

Monday to Saturday 4:30pm to 1am

Sunday Rate - Max €10

11am to 9pm

To avail of these rates you must validate your ticket, by punching a hole in the ticket in the machine located at our Security Desks. Payment can then be made at the ticket machines in the car park.

Library Queries

How can Access the library?

You can access the library in person on the second floor of the Aungier Street Campus or you can access the library webpage here.

What hours is the library open?

Library opening hours can be viewed here

How do I book a study room?

On the top menu, go to Bookings and select 'book a room' you will be prompted to log in using your Single Sign-on details, the same you use to log in to Moodle. Note that a maximum one hour per day can be booked per student. Link

Where can I find resources for an assignment?

If you are looking for books and ebooks, please visit our catalogue (books.dbs.ie), or check out your reading list (lorls.dbs.ie/)



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



For journal articles, case studies and other online resources please visit our A to Z database guide: https://libguides.dbs.ie/az.php

If you are struggling to find subject-specific resources, please take a look at your Subject Guides on the library website. These are tailored to each subject to host materials that are particularly useful/relevant.

If you are looking for an article go to the home page of the library website and type the name of the article or key words in the search box.

Who should I discuss research with?

The library offers one to one support on accessing, evaluating and preparing your research. You can book a session at this link

How do I renew my books?

You can renew your books here. After logging in select individual items to renew and click Renew selected or simply click Renew all.Please note that if there are holds on a title or you have reached the limit of renewals you will not be able to renew.

International &amp; VISA Queries

What documents do I need for my first appointment with the Immigration Services?

Please see the Irish Immigration Website for a list of documents you will need for an appointment with Irish Immigration Services.

You can download your enrollment letter (the General Reference Letter) to state you are studying at Dublin Business School from Self Service when logging in here.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



What do I do if it is my first time registering with the Immigration Services?

If it is your first time registering with immigration, registration instructions are here.

What do I do to renew my VISA?

Please see here for the full list of required documents needed to renew your visa if you are already living in Ireland and currently hold a VISA.

Please see here to renew your visa permissions online if you have already previously registered with immigration services in Dublin.

What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?

Students must have registered with ISD and received your IRP card- if you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday period, June to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Disabilities Office Queries

How do I register for the Disabilities Services?

Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.

Our officer will also guide you through the process for availing of these supports.

Student Life Queries

How many Clubs &amp; Societies are there?

There is a wide variety of clubs and societies that can be found in DBS, catering for all interests and passions. We have over 50 active clubs &amp; societies.

1. Academic and Professional: These clubs and societies focus on specific academic disciplines or professional fields, such as business, data analytics, law, event management, sustainability, psychology, etc.
2. Cultural and Ethnic: These clubs and societies celebrate and promote the culture, traditions, and heritage of specific ethnicities or countries. DESI society, Italian Society, International student society, Malaysian society, and others.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



3. Hobby and Interest: These clubs and societies are centered around shared hobbies or interests, such as photography, gaming, music, dance, drama, chess, hiking, creative writing, debate, etc.
4. Sports and Recreation: These clubs and societies are dedicated to sports and physical activities. Such as Football, basketball, badminton, ultimate Frisbee, tennis, sea swimming, volleyball, rock climbing, martial arts, yoga, etc.

We have a very diverse range of options available, and if you don't find a club that matches your interests, you can even consider starting your own club with like-minded individuals.

How do I sign up for our Clubs &amp; Societies?

During your inductions, a Clubs &amp; Societies Sign-Up form will be shared. This is your way of showing your interest in any of our Clubs &amp; Societies, who will follow up with you. All clubs and societies are free (there is no charge) to join.

CLICK HERE TO VIEW CLUBS &amp; SOCIETIES SIGN-UP FORM

Where do I register for the college events?

It is simple to register for College events. The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. For more information and how to purchase tickets, please check out our Eventbrite HERE.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



What are the main social media networks?

Here are the links to all of our social media handles. Start following us now to keep up to date of what's going on.

INSTAGRAM - @dbsstudentexperience TIKTOK - @dbsstudentexperience FACEBOOK - DBS Student Experience

SPOTIFY - DBS Student Experience Podcast



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Medical Information

What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?

If you get sick while you're in Ireland, here are some steps you can take to ensure you receive the appropriate care and assistance:

Assess Your Condition: Determine the severity of your illness. If it's a minor ailment that you can manage with over-the-counter medication, you might not need immediate medical attention. However, if your condition is serious or worsening, seek medical help promptly.

Contact a Doctor or GP: If you need medical attention, you can call a local doctor (General Practitioner or GP) to schedule an appointment. They can provide advice, diagnose your condition, and recommend appropriate treatment.

Which Doctor or GP should I visit?

DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medical, as our chosen student medical centre should students require a doctor's appointment. As many students may require a GP whilst studying, we believe this partnership will be beneficial to students due to its close proximity to the DBS campus.

Dame Street Medical is now taking on new patients and registering is extremely easy. To register simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors.

To book an appointment:

Call (01 6790754) or email damestreetmedicalcentre@gmail.com



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Read more here.

What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?

Visit a Pharmacy: For minor illnesses or common ailments, you can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications. Pharmacists in Ireland can provide guidance on non-prescription remedies.

Hospital or Emergency Care: In case of a medical emergency or if your condition is severe, go to the nearest hospital emergency department. Dial 112 or 999 for emergency services in Ireland.

Travel Insurance: If you have travel insurance, contact your insurance provider to understand the coverage and procedures for seeking medical care. They can guide you on how to proceed and what documentation you might need.

Public Health Clinics: Depending on the nature of your illness, you might be able to visit a public health clinic or urgent care center for non-emergencies.

Language Barrier: If English is not your first language and you're having trouble communicating your symptoms, consider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you to the medical facility.

Prescription Medication: If a doctor prescribes medication, you can have it filled at a pharmacy. Keep in mind that some medications that are available over the counter in other countries might require a prescription in Ireland.



Student FAQ Guide Dublin Business School Live Document



Rest and Hydration: Regardless of the severity of your illness, make sure to rest, stay hydrated, and follow any medical advice you receive.

Stay Informed : Keep up to date with local health advisories, especially if there are any specific health concerns or outbreaks in the area.

Remember that it's important to seek appropriate medical care when needed. If you're unsure about the best course of action, don't hesitate to ask locals or staff at your accommodation for guidance. It's also recommended to have a basic understanding of your travel insurance coverage before you travel to ensure you know what to do in case of illness.
JUNE 2021 ISSUE 1





CHECK OUT WHAT'S INSIDE THE ISSUE

1. Introduction
2. Academic CPD
3. Classroom Enhancements: Zoom Rooms
4. Events
5. Funding Calls. There are two live calls for applications for National Forum Funding…
6. LT&amp;A in Practice
7. New Team



INTRODUCTION

Welcome to the first Learning, Teaching and Assessment Newsletter , where we will be highlighting all things Learning, Teaching and Assessment (LT&amp;A), from news and events to Academic CPD and changes and enhancements to the LT&amp;A environment.

Please let me know if there is anything you would like included in our monthly update.

Thank you.





ACADEMIC CPD

Academic CPD Page



The team has opened a new Academic CPD page on Moodle, which is different from the staff Training Page.

The  Academic  CPD  page  holds  On  Demand  content  on  teaching,  learning  and assessment  topics,  whereas  the  training  page  contains  more  how-to  technical support and advice.This past semester the team, with the help from faculty, have put together several On Demand units, including recordings of roundtable discussions, on the following topics;

- Rubrics
- Feedback
- Active Learning
- Moderation
- Creating On-Demand content (to be released)
- Copyright and teaching content (to be released)
- Programme approach to Assessment (to be released)



Click here to access this page: https://elearning.dbs.ie/course/view.php?id=13397 The team is currently reviewing academic CPD for next semester.

Thank you to faculty who helped us put together this On Demand content and to the online development team, specifically academic developer Bernadette Higgins.

Please let any member  of  the team, the LT&amp;A  Committee  or your  Course Director/Faculty Manager aware of any areas of CPD that interest you.





National Forum Short Courses

DBS will facilitate two National Forum Short Courses this summer.

1. EnTICE , which is about engaging students through active learning, and Getting Started with Online Teaching (GSOT).

These courses, which are aligned with the National Forum's Professional Development Framework, last six weeks and require approximately 25 hours of participant effort, which includes attendance at weekly seminars and the assessment. Those who complete a short course and assessment are rewarded with a National Forum Digital Badge, which is recognised throughout the Irish HE sector.

These courses have a limited number of places on them. There will be an information session on June 15th about the courses, which will run parallel from the last week in June to the end of July.

For more information please contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie





2. AdvanceHE

Over a dozen members of faculty are pursuing applications for AdvanceHE fellowships through DBS.

We have applicants working toward Associate Fellowships, Fellowships and Senior Fellowships.

As well as the potential to apply for fellowships, DBS's membership of AdvanceHE affords us access to a number of resources (https://www.advance-he.ac.uk/)

Should you want to know more about AdvanceHE or the fellowship tract, please contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie.





CLASSROOM ENHANCEMENTS: ZOOM ROOMS

Zoom Rooms

Zoom Rooms is a combination of software and hardware designed to facilitate an enhanced Hybrid teaching experience.

A wide screen TV, with a Neat Bar (a grey bar underneath the TV, which contains a microphone, speakers and tracking camera), has been installed in seven classrooms in DBS.

A tablet to operate the camera and speakers has also been installed in the rooms to complete the hardware side of zoom rooms.





CLASSROOM ENHANCEMENTS: ZOOM ROOMS

The online learners who are logging in via zoom are displayed on the Widescreen TV in front of the lecturer.

The microphone in the Neat Bar picks up all the sound in the room, whether the sound is coming from the front or back of the room, or whether or not the person speaking has their back to the microphone.

The tracking camera follows the movement of the lecturer. In large classrooms, The TV screen and Neat Bar are installed about a third of the way down the classroom, which means the lecturer can move around the top third of the room while still being tracked by the camera.

In smaller rooms and labs, the TV screen is at the back of the room, so online learners have a clear view of the class and the lecturer is free to move around and stay in shot. A full guide to using zoom rooms will be published shortly.

We have live tested zoom rooms with two lecturers and their classes and a currently live testing it with four more lecturers, after which zoom rooms will be rolled out to any lecturers timetabled to use zoom room classrooms.

For more information on zoom rooms, please contact isabel.ashburner@dbs.ie

DBS has the capacity to equip 17 classrooms between Aungier Street and Castle House, all of which should be fully operational by September.

Fifth Floor in Castle House classrooms

We are currently working with Facilities and Academic Operations to investigate alternative furniture arrangements for the new classrooms on the fifth floor in Castle House. Some of the options under consideration include Nodes (also known as the Dalek option), stackable flip chairs and tables and Clusters around a Screen.



EVENTS

There are several LT&amp;A events and webinars during June.



9th June: Múineadh na Gaeilge ar an tríú leibhéal

10th June: The CEFR in Language Teaching

10th June: The Next Steps for Equality, Diversity and Inclusion: Advance HE's Inaugural Conference in Ireland

10th June: Developing Enabling Policies for Digital and Open Teaching and Learning

15th June: Accomplishing Change in Teaching and Learning Regimes

15th June: Cohort-based PhD Programmes in Ireland: Reflections, Learnings, and the Future

15th June: Exploring the Role of Contemplative Pedagogy in Inspiring Education Practice and Student Engagement - Educator and Student Perspectives

17th June: Showcasing a Tiered Public Health Occupational Therapy Approach to Supporting Student Participation, Health, Wellbeing and Success in Higher Education

22nd June: Re-imagining Impact as Evidencing Value in Teaching and Learning



FUNDING CALLS.

THERE ARE TWO LIVE CALLS FOR APPLICATIONS FOR NATIONAL FORUM FUNDING…

There is an open call for contributions to Valuing Ireland's Teaching &amp; Learning' (VIT&amp;L) this coming November.



VIT&amp;L Week, which takes place on 08-12 November, will involve students, staff, senior managers and policy partners through a mix of in-person and online events in which good practice and scholarship will be shared, strategic discussions will be held, excellence will be recognised, and the sector will come together to consider how to realise the promise of a valued and informed teaching and learning culture in Irish higher education. See the VIT&amp;L web site for more information.

The call for funding to host a National Forum Seminar during 2021/22 closes on the 25th June. More information is available from the National Forum's Website.

Subscribe for updates on National Forum news and events.



LT&amp;A IN PRACTICE



We would like to profile positive, innovative and interesting learning, teaching or assessment case studies from DBS faculty.

Would you be willing to submit a brief description in any format (video, audio, text, image collage), of an LTorA practice.

Please contact tony.murphy@dbs.ie if you have a teaching or assessment strategy that you would like to see highlighted.



NEW TEAM



There have been some changes to the Academic Support and Online Development Team in recent months.

Please let me introduce you to the current team.

- Isabel Ashburner -  Learning Technologist and Team Lead
- Bernadette Higgins - Academic Developer
- Ronnie Doyle - Online Development Projects Coordinator
- Dave Mackey - AV Technician
- Shilpa Suresh Chathoth - Instructional Designer
- Dave Chernick - Instructional Designer



DBS  Postgraduate Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (EU RESIDENTS)

SCHOOLS OF BUSINESS, LAW AND ARTS - FULL-TIME

SCHOOLOFBUSINESSANDLAW                 Duration   Fees    
-------------------------------------------------------------
MasterofBusinessAdministration(MBA)    1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(MarketingStream)                   1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(HRMStream)                         1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(Information Systems Stream)        1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(ProjectManagementStream)           1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(FinanceStream)                     1 Year     €12,750 
MBA(CloudComputingStream)              1 Year     €12,750 
MScinManagementPractice                1 Year     €8,900  
MScinMarketing                         1 Year     €8,900  
MScinInternational Accounting&Finance  1 Year     €8,900  
MScinInformation Systems withComputing 1 Year     €8,900  
MScinInformation &Library Management   1 Year     €8,900  
MScinDigital Marketing &Analytics      1 Year     €8,995  
MScinFinancial Technology              1 Year     €8,995  
MScinDataAnalytics                     1 Year     €8,995  
MScinBusinessAnalytics                 1 Year     €8,995  
MScinHumanResourceManagement           1 Year     €8,900  
MScinCybersecurity                     1 Year     €8,995  
MScinArtificial Intelligence           1 Year     €8,995  
MScinFinancial Analytics               1 Year     €8,995  
MScinTrading&Investing                 1 Year     €8,995  

SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND LAW

                                                    Duration   Fees   
--------------------------------
MScinSupplyChainManagement                          1 Year     €8,900 
Higher Diploma in Business                          1 Year     €6,400 
Higher Diploma in Digital Marketing                 1 Year     €7,250 
Higher Diploma in Interaction Design&UserExperience 1 Year     €6,995 
HigherDiplomainProjectManagement                    1 Year     €6,995 
Higher Diploma in Data Analytics                    1 Year     €7,250 
Higher Diploma in Financial Technology              1 Year     €7,250 
Higher Diploma in Aviation Finance                  1 Year     €7,250 

SCHOOL OF ARTS

                                     Duration   Fees            
-------------------------------------------------------------------
MScinAppliedPsychology               1 Year     €8,900          
MScinHealthPsychology                1 Year     €8,900          
MAinAddictionStudies                 1 Year     €8,900          
MAinContemporaryCriminology          1 Year     €8,900          
MAinFilm&CreativeMedia               1 Year     €8,900          
Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology 2 Years    €5,950 perannum 

- Please note that fees are inclusive of tuition,registration,assessment and the protection of enrolled learners. It is expected that the fee for the protection of enrolled learners will increase in 2025.
- Fees stated above are for the academic year 2024/2025 only.
- Please note that fees paid will not be refunded after commencement of classes.
- For a full listing of programmes eligible for tax relief please visit the Irish Revenue website www.revenue.ie
- All programmes are run subject to demand.

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS



DBS  Postgraduate Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (EU RESIDENTS)

SCHOOLS OF BUSINESS, LAW AND ARTS - PART-TIME

SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND LAW

SCHOOL OF BUSINESS AND LAW

                                                    Duration   Fees            
-----------------------------------------
MScinTrading&Investing                              2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinInformation Systems withComputing              2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinInformation &Library Management                2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
Higher Diploma in Business                          16Months   €6,400          
Higher Diploma in Digital Marketing                 16Months   €7,250          
Higher Diploma in Interaction Design&UserExperience 16Months   €6,995          
Higher Diploma in Project Management                16Months   €6,995          

SCHOOL OF ARTS

                                                     Duration   Fees            
------------------------------------------
MAinPsychotherapy                                    2 Years    €5,390 perannum 
MAinPsychoanalytic Psychotherapy                     4Years     €5,550 perannum 
MAinAddictionStudies                                 2 Years    €4,350 perannum 
MAinContemporaryCriminology                          2 Years    €5,550          
MAinFilm&CreativeMedia                               2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScHealthPsychology                                  2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinAppliedPsychology                               2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
Higher Diploma in Arts in Counselling &Psychotherapy 2 Years    €4,250 perannum 
Higher Diploma in Arts in Psychology                 2 Years    €5,950 perannum 

                                        Duration   Fees            
-----------------------------
Master of Business Administration (MBA) 2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(MarketingStream)                    2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(HRMStream)                          2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(FinanceStream)                      2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(Information Systems Stream)         2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(ProjectManagementStream)            2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MBA(CloudComputingStream)               2 Years    €6,375 perannum 
MScinManagementPractice                 2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinMarketing                          2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinInternational Accounting&Finance   2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinDigital Marketing &Analytics       2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinFinancial Technology               2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinDataAnalytics                      2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinBusinessAnalytics                  2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinHumanResourceManagement            2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinCybersecurity                      2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinArtificial Intelligence            2 Years    €5,500 perannum 
MScinFinancial Analytics                2 Years    €5,500 perannum 

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS



DBS College Handbook

2021/2022



Table of Contents

SECTION 1 Learner Charter...........................................................................................................................4       
----------------------------------
1.1 Why a Learner Charter?......................................................................................................................4           
1.2 The DBS Learner Charter.....................................................................................................................4           
SECTION 2 Finding Your Way Around DBS....................................................................................................6                  
2.1 People you may encounter.................................................................................................................6              
2.2 Timetables...........................................................................................................................................7  
2.3 Attendance..........................................................................................................................................7   
2.4 Class Representative System ..............................................................................................................8             
2.5 Learner Feedback................................................................................................................................8       
2.6 Policy on Recording by Learners.........................................................................................................9               
2.7 Policy on DBS Recording .....................................................................................................................9          
SECTION 3 DBS Student Services and Facilities...........................................................................................10                  
3.1 Dublin Business School Campus........................................................................................................10                 
3.2 Room Legend and Access Codes.......................................................................................................11                   
3.3 Car Parking at DBS.............................................................................................................................11       
3.4 Moodle..............................................................................................................................................11  
3.5 IT Services .........................................................................................................................................12 
SECTION 4 Academic Information and Resource Centre............................................................................13                            
4.1 Introduction ......................................................................................................................................13   
4.2 Online Reading Lists..........................................................................................................................14        
4.3 Academic and Resource Centre Team..............................................................................................14                       
SECTION 5 Support for Learners with Additional Needs ............................................................................15                         
SECTION 6 Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU).........................................................................16                             
SECTION 7 The Student Experience Department........................................................................................17                       
7.1 Student Welfare................................................................................................................................17       
7.2 Medical Assistance............................................................................................................................17        
7.3 Careers Hub.......................................................................................................................................17    
7.4 Student Council.................................................................................................................................17      
7.6 Sports Clubs ......................................................................................................................................18   



7.7 Societies ............................................................................................................................................18   
-------------------------------------
7.8 Student Entertainment .....................................................................................................................18              
7.9 International Student Services..........................................................................................................18                 
SECTION 8 Assessment ...............................................................................................................................20         
8.1 Methods of assessment....................................................................................................................20                
8.2 Exams................................................................................................................................................20    
8.3 Repeat Exam Administration Fees....................................................................................................21                      
SECTION 9 Appeals and Complaints............................................................................................................22                 
9.1 Appeals..............................................................................................................................................22    
9.2 Complaints ........................................................................................................................................22      
SECTION 10 Classification of Award............................................................................................................23               
SECTION 11 Protection of Enrolled Learners (PEL) .....................................................................................24                       



Foreword

The purpose of this College Handbook is to provide you with a guide to Dublin Business School (DBS).  It  will  help  you  find  your  way  around  College  as  well  as  provide  you  with  valuable information on the resources, regulations, policies and procedures in DBS.

The  DBS  student  website  is  the  official  source  for  all  information  and  can  be  viewed  at https://students.dbs.ie/. In particular, the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) is located here (https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah) and is the primary source of information on all College policies, rules and regulations. This College Handbook is not intended as a substitute for these sources, or other DBS official documents, and may be subject to change. So please ensure to consult the website, as well as read your DBS email, for all up-to-date information.

We recognise that this year holds many significant challenges for learners due to the COVID-19 pandemic.  DBS  is  actively  monitoring  the  COVID-19  situation  carefully  and  will  continue  to provide guidance in line with the Irish Government. 1  Information on how DBS is managing the current situation, including our plans for social distancing, teaching and the year ahead can be found here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/information-for-20-21-academic-year. Please note that arrangements are subject to change in light to the current situation.

We hope that you will have an exciting, rewarding and fulfilling experience at DBS and wish you every success on your learning journey.

1  You can view the latest information on how Ireland is responding to cases of COVID-19 on the Government of Ireland website at: https://www.gov.ie/en/campaigns/c36c85-covid-19-coronavirus/.



SECTION 1 Learner Charter

The Learner Charter aims to make learners aware of what you can expect of DBS and outlines what DBS can expect of you.

1.1 Why a Learner Charter?

DBS has around 9,000 active learners enrolled on programmes. We want the learner experience for all our learners to be a positive one. We recognise that our learners are part of a community of learning, and that we have obligations to fulfil towards our learners, and that learners likewise have responsibilities,  to  themselves,  to  their  fellow  learners  and  to  the  College.  The  Learner Charter therefore aims to set out what we see as the key areas that help to foster a supportive, constructive  and  positive  learning  environment.  This  Charter,  however,  like  the Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) , is a 'living document' we want to respond to issues as they arise. So if there is something you think is missing, we are happy to hear about it. Your suggestions can be made in writing here.

1.2 The DBS Learner Charter

You can expect to:

1. Be provided with a welcoming and supportive environment in which to pursue your studies.
2. Be provided with a teaching and learning experience that helps you to achieve the intended programme learning outcomes, and ultimately your qualification.
3. Be given timely feedback on your academic performance on an ongoing basis.
4. Be provided with suitable resources to support your learning, and to be made aware of how to access these resources.
5. Be provided with accurate and timely information central to your studies such as timetables, forms, policies and procedures.
6. Be treated with respect, dignity and professionalism by DBS staff at all times.
7. Be provided with opportunities to take part in wider academic, professional and social activities aimed at enhancing your personal development.
8. Be provided with opportunities to give formal feedback to DBS on the quality of all aspects of the learner experience.
9. Receive prompt and timely responses to queries, complaints or other issues.



DBS expects Learners to:

1. Take responsibility for your studies and proactively manage your own learning experience.
2. Attend classes, lectures and other academic activities related to your programme of study and actively engage with/ in the content/ activity.
3. Take responsibility for the completion of all assessments, including the submission of assignments in accordance with deadlines, and similarly take responsibility for your attendance at examinations.
4. Work with staff and fellow learners to foster a positive and supportive learning environment for everyone.
5. Respect the academic integrity of the College and comply with policy and procedure as set out in the Quality Assurance Handbook .
6. Proactively ensure you are aware of key programme information such as deadlines, and to regularly monitor your College e-mail to ensure you are aware of DBS communications.
7. Use College facilities in an appropriate manner and with respect for other users.
8. Behave in a courteous and professional manner towards staff and other learners at all times.
9. Proactively inform the College if you have circumstances that you feel may impact on your studies, and to take responsibility for seeking any support that you may require.
10. Ensure that you follow all health and safety requirements of the College so as to protect yourself and the DBS community.



SECTION 2 Finding Your Way Around DBS

2.1 People you may encounter

The following DBS staff roles all play a part in the administration of your discipline area and the programmes it offers.

Programme Coordinator

Programme Coordinators provide administrative support and ensure that you are provided with full details of your programme of study. They are the first point of contact for a range of issues such as programme queries, deferrals or personal mitigating circumstances (PMCs) that may affect your learning. Programme Coordinators are responsible for day-to-day management of student information and data.

Module Leaders

Each module on your programme has a module leader. This is the main lecturer responsible for the module. They prepare and deliver the material and set and mark your assessments. They also ensure that the module content is regularly reviewed and up to date. Contact details for each module leader can be found on the Moodle page for each module.

Academic Director

Academic  Directors  are  responsible  for  the  academic  quality,  overall  management  and development  of  the  programme,  the  coordination  of  the  organisation  and  delivery  of  the programme,  and  the  support  of  learners  on  the  programme.  The  Academic  Director  has  an important role in mentoring learners and providing them with guidance and support on both academic and non-academic matters related to learner life.

Assessment and Regulations Manager

The Assessment and Regulations Manager has responsibility for assessment and examinations, academic regulations, student discipline and conduct in relation to assessment, academic records and liaison with accrediting bodies.

The Exams Team

The  Exams  Team  works  with  the  Assessment  and  Regulations  Manager  in  managing  and administering all aspects of exams, including timetabling, organising rooms, booking invigilators, receipt  and  checking  of  exam  papers  and  associated  documentation,  running  exam  events, management of scripts and provision of all information to External Examiners.



Registrar

The Registrar is the member of senior management responsible for safeguarding and promoting the academic integrity and quality, and academic standards of DBS and ensuring that DBS is operating  in  accordance  with  academic  regulations.  The  Registrar  formulates  the  academic policies, standards, processes and procedures of DBS and ensures that they are followed and enforced.

School Administrative Officer

The  School Administrative Officer manages  student  registration and  graduation events throughout the year. They are also secretary to a number of boards, including Academic Board and Board of Studies. Any learner complaints should be submitted to the School Administrative Officer  (email:  schooladminofficer@dbs.ie)  using  the Complaints  Form on  the  DBS  student website at https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

2.2 Timetables

Timetables, including details of the location of classes, can be found at https://students.dbs.ie/timetables ('My timetable'). Notes regarding changes will be found here and communication will be sent out to you via email. Where an unavoidable change occurs at short notice, notifications will also be sent out to mobile phone numbers. This means it is very important to keep your contact details up to date. Should you need to change these please see the Change Personal Details section of the DBS student portal.

You can obtain a personalised timetable by using the calendar in your student email account. Your timetable can also be sync'd with your mobile device.

See https://students.dbs.ie/computer-services if you require help with any technical issues.

2.3 Attendance

Students are expected to attend all of their classes, and attendance for face-to-face classes is monitored through the process of 'tagging in' electronically using your student card. If you do not tag in to your lecture you will be marked as absent.

Evidence  suggests  that  learners  with  attendance  of  at  least  80 -85%  tend  to  achieve  better outcomes on their programme. Further, poor attendance can affect the class dynamic and impact other learners, so it is in everyone's interests to maintain a good attendance record.

If you have forgotten your student card to tag in with, then you should make your lecturer aware during  or  directly  after  your  class.  The  Programme  Coordinator  cannot  update  your  record



without written confirmation from the lecturer. If you have valid reasons to miss class, a Medical Certificate or other relevant supporting documentation should be provided to the Programme Coordinator to note an 'authorised absences' on your record.

In order to help you keep track of your student attendance, the percentage is available to view on your Moodle page. Full details of the attendance policy are available in the QAH Part B Section 4: Programme Participation .

International Student Attendance Requirements

All  International  Students  who  have  a  Stamp  2  Student  Visa  have  a  minimum  attendance requirement of 85% to comply with their visa requirements.  To assist international students in this regard, we monitor and report the attendance of these students to INIS on a regular basis. We also report any students where attendance is consistently below 85%.

If you cannot attend because of illness, a certificate from a doctor will be required where the absence is greater than two days.

2.4 Class Representative System

Each class group in DBS appoints one or two Class Representatives. These Class Representatives then liaise with learners and faculty and coordinate student feedback and student input to the course review process.

At the beginning of the academic year, Class Representatives will attend training. This training will be coordinated and run by Student Services. Class Representatives will have two meetings with the Academic Director and two meetings with Student Services during the academic year and reports of these meetings will be part of DBS's formal review process.

Each Class Representative who is active during the year will be entitled to a letter of recognition to acknowledge their participation in the role.

2.5 Learner Feedback

DBS takes learner feedback very seriously and acts on a formal and informal basis to address our learners' comments and observations.  Questionnaires are  completed by  learners  on  Moodle regularly during the year to provide the opportunity for each individual to contribute directly to the  course  review  process.    Immediate  issues  are  addressed  as  soon  as  possible  and recommendations are reviewed for following academic years.



2.6 Policy on Recording by Learners

It is DBS policy that no student may record sound or video in a teaching situation, which includes lecturers, seminars, tutorials or labs, without prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating students. Only in cases, where there are personal mitigating circumstances for a student, will requests of this nature be considered. A formal request must be made prior to any recording, and academic staff have the right to refuse where other mechanisms to support the student can be instituted. Full details of the recoding policy are available in the Learner Code of Conduct and Digital Well-Being Policies in the QAH.

2.7 Policy on DBS Recording

All live learning activities in DBS, with some exceptions, are recorded, in accordance  with the Recording of Learning Activities Policy. Recordings of learning activities are then deleted from Moodle within 12 months after the module has finished for that cohort, in accordance with DBS's Data Retention Policy (see the DBS QAH) for further information on both policies.  Learners will be notified if a learning activity on their programme will not be recorded.

Recordings  of  live  online,  hybrid  and  in-class  sessions  are  made  available  to  learners  on  the Module page on Moodle.  Recordings of learning activities are  intended to  complement live learning sessions and not to replace them.



SECTION 3 DBS Student Services and Facilities

3.1 Dublin Business School Campus

DBS is a city centre campus. The majority of classes are held in our buildings, Castle House on Georges' St or Aungier Street, Dublin 2 . All buildings are within 5 minutes' walk of each other. The following is a comprehensive key to our buildings:

1. Castle House, 73/83 South Great Georges Street (appears as CH on timetable)
2. 13/14 Aungier Street (appears as AS on timetable)
3. Bow Lane (next to the Aungier Street building; appears as BL on timetable)
4. 6/9 Balfe Street, Block A and B (appears as BSA and BSB on timetable)
5. Wicklow House, 84-88 South Great George's Street (appears as WH on timetable)

Buses servicing Aungier Street/South Great Georges Street directly include: 9, 15, 16, 65, 65B, 83, 140 or 122.

All bus, DART, Luas and rail routes service the city centre with stations close to the College. The map below shows the location of our buildings.







3.2 Room Legend and Access Codes

The following table lays out the key for building name abbreviations as they will appear on your timetable. Please contact DBS Reception for the associated door codes for entry:

Timetable abbreviation   Building             Door Code                    
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
AS                       Aungier Street       No code required             
BL                       Bow Lane             Available from DBS Reception 
BSA                      Balfe Street Block A Available from DBS Reception 
BSB                      Balfe Street Block B Available from DBS Reception 
CH                       Castle House         No code required             
WH                       Wicklow House        No code required             

3.3 Car Parking at DBS

DBS has subsidised car parking available with two car parks, Drury Street Multi-storey on Drury Street  and  the  Royal  College  of  Surgeons  Car  Park  attached  to  St  Stephens  Green  Shopping Centre.

Drury Street Multi Storey

Daily rate €10 (including weekends) Monday -Friday 4.30pm -1am , €2.50.

Royal College of Surgeons (RCSI)

Monday -Friday 5pm -Midnight, €2.00 .

To avail of these rate, you must get your ticket validated using the stamp at the security desks in Aungier Street or Castle House.

3.4 Moodle

Moodle is the DBS online virtual learning platform, which you can use as your 'go-to' resource for class notes, power-points, recordings of lectures, assignment briefs and submissions and much more. The College is increasingly using blended learning in programme delivery and as such you can expect to find a range of activities and resources for each module within Moodle.

Go to https://elearning.dbs.ie/my/ to login to Moodle, using your student number and password. Your password will have been  sent to your personal email address once you have registered for your programme. You will find a useful guide to Moodle here: https://students.dbs.ie/gettingstarted-with-moodle.



3.5 IT Services

DBS strives  to  ensure  that  student  computing  facilities  and  services  in  the  College  are continuously upgraded to cater for emerging academic needs and to capitalise on developments in technology.

An overview of IT services and support can be found here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-studentservices/computer-services.

This page details the opening hours and location of the IT helpdesk, the phone number and how to log a ticket with IT.

If you have any IT issues please log a ticket at http://servicedesk.dbs.ie/ or call in person to the Student Support Desk on the second floor in Castle House, or call us on 01 4177573.

Further information is available on the website at the above link.



SECTION 4 Academic Information and Resource Centre

4.1 Introduction

The formal name of the DBS library is the Academic Information and Resource Centre, and it is located on the second floor of the DBS Aungier Street campus. However, since March 2020 DBS has  introduced  many  changes  in  the  Library  Services  to  ensure  compliance  with  COVID-19 guidelines. Leaners will have access to an extensive online library, which is accessible via the library website at: http://library.dbs.ie/.

Opening Hours:

The online library databases are available online off-campus 24/7.

The physical library is currently offering a 'Click and Collect' service due to COVID-19 restrictions, and the library staff are still available to help during opening hours.

Contact details are as follows:

Phone:

01 4177572

Email:

library@dbs.ie

Website:

library.dbs.ie

Librarians are also available to help with any queries via our Ask-a-Librarian webchat which can be accessed from any page of the library website at: https://library.dbs.ie/.

Library Services:

- Information Skills Classes: the Information Skills Librarian runs a variety of classes on how to evaluate and use information effectively; essay writing, avoiding plagiarism and referencing. Please consult the Library Website (Information Skills menu) for further information. A timetable of upcoming Library Classes can be found at https://libcal.dbs.ie/calendar/classes.
- Guides/Handbooks: guides on how to use resources, essay writing, referencing, avoiding plagiarism, conducting a literature review, etc. are available on the library website and in hardcopy. There is also a quick guide to library resources.
- Research Papers: research by faculty and students (theses with a mark of 2.i upwards) is available on the College's institutional repository eSource : https://esource.dbs.ie/.



4.2 Online Reading Lists

Reading lists are central to the teaching and learning experience in higher education. The DBS Academic Information and Resource Centre uses LORLS to provide dynamic online reading lists to learners with access to online reading lists with links to a range of resources including library catalogue records (for books), eBooks, journal articles, journal titles, and websites. The online reading list for any module can be found on Moodle by selecting the Library Reading List link in the Module Information sectio n of the module's page.

4.3 Academic and Resource Centre Team

You can contact any member of the team by e-mailing: library@dbs.ie.

Teaching Librarian

- The Teaching Librarian is responsible for teaching information skills to students across the College through a range of scheduled, embedded and bespoke classes.

Postgraduate Librarian

- Postgraduate students can book a one-to-one research support session with the Postgraduate Librarian.

Reader Services Librarian

- The Reader Services Librarian is responsible for all front-facing services including student and staff enquiries and guidance.

Research Librarian

- The Research Librarian is responsible for supporting the research activities of faculty and for maintaining the institutional repository, eSource: https://esource.dbs.ie/.

Law Librarian

- The Law Librarian is responsible for the law collection (print and e-resources) of the Library.

Acquisitions Librarian

- The Acquisitions Librarian is responsible for the collection development of the Library. First Year Librarian
- The First Year Librarian is the go-to Librarian for all student enquiries.

Please go to https://library.dbs.ie/ to find out more about the Library at DBS.



SECTION 5 Support for Learners with Additional Needs

The purpose of the Learner Supports Service is to ensure that programmes and facilities are accessible to students with specific needs wherever possible and to support students in achieving their educational goals. Further information on the Learner Supports Service can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-student-services/disabilities-support.

For full details please see the QAH Sec tion 4.4 Supports for Learners with Additional Needs (Need Extra Provision) Policy. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

The following are examples of accommodations that may be provided by Dublin Business School to students with specific learning needs:

- Extra time to complete each examinations
- Dictation / scribe in exams
,se of a laptop
- A reader in exams
- Enlarged print to A3 size
- Smaller or separate examination rooms
- Rest period during examinations
- Allowance by the examiner for grammar and spelling

Registering with the Learner Supports Service

It is  important  for  students  with specific physical or  learning  needs  to  register  upon commencement of their programme to ensure appropriate assistance during their studies. To register  or  to  discuss  any  issues  relating  to  specific  accommodations,  contact  the  Learner Supports Coordinator by phone (01 4170667), email (learnersupports@dbs.ie), or face-to-face in the Library in Aungier Street. Any assessment of additional support needs will be based upon an appropriate  report  from  a  relevant  expert  such  as  a  medical  consultant  or  educational psychologist.  The  Learner  Supports  Coordinator  will  maintain  strict  confidentiality  unless permitted to disclose information to faculty.

Please note that students at private colleges are not entitled to apply to the Fund for Students with Disabilities which is administered by the Higher Education Authority (HEA) to cover the cost of accommodations  such as classroom assistants, sign language interpreters, assistive technologies, etc. Dublin Business School will endeavour to meet the needs of students within these constraints.



SECTION 6 Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU)

Dublin Business School (DBS) welcomes and supports all new entrants in their transition in to, and back to, third level education. As part of this commitment, DBS has established a Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU) which aims to help students with this transition.

There may be times when you will need support and assistance with your studies or with personal issues  and  SESU  is  here  to help.    These  include  SESU  Drop  in  sessions -Tea  &amp;  Talk,  SESU Workshops  for  Numerical  Skills,  Academic  Writing  &amp;  IT  Skills  as  well  as  Research  Skills  &amp; Referencing. Our Peer Mentor Programme will also provide peer-support across all programmes throughout the academic year.

For the academic year 2020/21, the Student Engagement &amp; Success Unit, the Student Experience Team  &amp;  the  Student  Union  will  be  focusing  on  health  promotion,  resilience  strategies  &amp; promoting  a  positive  environment.  Student  Wellbeing  was  developed  to  recognise  the importance mental wellbeing plays in our students' college experience.

For more information, including the full range of supports, services and contact details, please go to: https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-sesu/student-wellbeing.

You can contact any member of the team by e-mailing: sesu@dbs.ie.



SECTION 7 The Student Experience Department

The Student Experience Team is located on the 4th floor in Castle House and the Ground Floor in Aungier Street. We are here to support student success and enhance your student experience.

7.1 Student Welfare

DBS continues to focus on student health and well-being, with the mental health of our students being a priority.

Student Welfare is located in the Student Services Hub on the 4th Floor in Castle House. We provide  support  in  an  impartial  and  confidential  manner,  along  with  information  regarding counselling options and free support services.

To contact our Welfare Officer in confidence e-mail student.services@dbs.ie.

7.2 Medical Assistance

If you require medical assistance during your time in DBS, the Aungier St Medical Clinic offers a discount to students carrying a valid Student card.

7.3 Careers Hub

The DBS Careers Hub, located in Aungier Street, offers specific pathways for students in order for you to achieve your Career Goals. Refer to the website at https://students.dbs.ie/dbs-studentservices/careers-hub for more information and to book your place on one of our workshops.

7.4 Student Council

The  DBS  Student  Council  welcomes  all  students  appointed  or  elected  to  the  role  of  Class Representative,  Peer Mentors,  Sports  Clubs  &amp; Society  leaders  and  members  of  the  Students Union. The Council acts as a platform for two-way communication between the College and the student body.

7.5 Social life

College life is about much more than just education. The DBS campus is located in Dublin City Centre, and we use all of the extra-curricular and recreational opportunities that our unique location offers. DBS recognises that clubs and societies are key to enhancing and enriching a student's experience while in college. Get involved, and besides doing something that you love and enjoy, you will meet new friends with similar interests, meet fellow students on different programmes, and develop as a person. Whatever your interests, there is a club or society for everyone!



Talk to the Team in the Student Services Hub in Castle House and come along to the Clubs and Societies Sign Up days.

7.6 Sports Clubs

Recent  years  have  seen  exceptional  sporting  success  for  DBS,  with  our  student  teams  being crowned Intervarsity Champions in Cricket, Basketball and Soccer.

Other sports clubs in the College include Rugby, Soccer, Athletics, Badminton, Cricket, Futsal, Hockey, Golf, Volleyball, Equestrian, Surfing and Water Sports, Cycling, Go-Carting, Hillwalking, Orienteering, Swimming, Rock Climbing, Table Tennis, Pool, Archery and Dodgeball.

7.7 Societies

The College has over 50 societies across different interest areas, including activity-based, special interest, religions, international and cultural and volunteering and social.

7.8 Student Entertainment

There  is  a  full  and  varied  schedule  of  social  and  cultural  events  throughout  the  year.  From Freshers ' Week in September, RAG Week, weekly film screenings, cultural excursions and day trips, and the Formal Ball and Awards in May, there is something for everyone. We also celebrate important  cultural  and  national  events  such  as  Holi,  Eid,  St  Patrick's  Day,  4 th July  and  other National Holidays. Watch the notice boards and social posts for more details and to book your place.

7.9 International Student Services

The International Student Services Team looks after the ongoing support of international students at DBS, and provides the following services:

- Registration and Orientation
- Immigration Services and Advice
- International Student Letters
- Accommodation Advice
- Further Study Information
- Career Preparation Advice
- General Advice and Support.

DBS  complies  with  the QQI  Code  of  Practice  for  Provision  of  Programmes  of  Education  and Training  to  International  Learners .  This  code  sets  out  expectations  relating  to  the  quality  of services and supports available to international learners in Ireland.



DBS is also a member and has representation on the board of the Irish Council for International Students (ICOS).

Student Experience Department Locations

Aungier Street (Ground Floor ) -Careers Hub

Castle House (4 th Floor) -Student Services Hub

- ⮚ Student Services (Student Experience Officer, Study Abroad Officer, Student Welfare Officer &amp; International Officer)

Opening hours (both offices):

8:45am -17:15pm

Key Contacts:

Careers Team - careerdevelopment@dbs.ie Student Services - student.services@dbs.ie International Student Services- intlservices@dbs.ie

This year will be a challenging year for us to stay connected but the Student Experience Team is committed to ensuring we have as much fun and connection as any other year and look forward to all the fun activities we have in store. See you there!



SECTION 8 Assessment

8.1 Methods of assessment

DBS programmes are assessed through a range of methods, including continuous assessment (CA),  practicals,  placements,  project/thesis,  written  examinations,  or  a  combination  of  these assessment  tools.  The  assessment  methods  for  modules  within  each  programme  are  made known  to  learners  at  the  beginning  of  the  academic  year  via  the  individual  Programme Handbooks on the DBS website and your Module and Assessment Guides on Moodle.

For full details on DBS polices relating to assessment, please refer the QAH Assessment Regulations . The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

Part B Section 5:

8.2 Exams

All information around examinations can be found on the Examinations Office page on our website. Please see http://students.dbs.ie/exams-office.

Please note that under restrictions arising from COVID-19, DBS moved all exams to online exams from March 2020, and this will continue for the academic year 2020/21. Full information will be provided by the Registrar and Exams Office in advance of exams, but learners should be prepared to sit exams online and should ensure timely access to a laptop and reliable internet connection. Additional hardware such as a webcam may also be required to allow monitoring of online exams.

Exams Absence

If  you  cannot  sit  the  exam  for  any  reason  you  should  complete  the  Personal  Mitigating Circumstance (PMC Form) through ticketing system on the Examinations Office web page.

Supporting  documents  are  required  to  defer  any  exam  and  should  be  submitted  to  your Programme Coordinator in advance of the date of the exam or within 7 days afterwards. Failure to defer will result in an attempted being recorded and module/s marks being capped at 40%

(Note that at Award Stage repeat modules will result in capping of the overall award.).

Exam Timetables

Examinations  timetables  are  posted  on  the  site  at  https://students.dbs.ie/timetables/examtimetables with the date, time and location of the exam. Please check regularly in advance of an exam for any changes.



Do not download and save the timetable locally -it is important to check the live version in case of updates.

Please also remember to bring your student card to the examination with you .

Should you have any questions regarding the examinations around the exam time, please email the exams office on exams@dbs.ie.

No Repeat for Honours

Students should be aware of the 'no repeat for honours' rule whereby failed modules at Award Stage will lead to awards being capped as a pass award. Programmes such as Special Purpose Awards, Higher Certificate, Higher Diploma and Masters programmes are entirely Award-Stage and as such any failed module will result in capping of the award at 40%.

For any further queries, please contact your Programme Coordinator or see the Quality Assurance Handbook. The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

8.3 Repeat Exam Administration Fees

Repeat Exams will incur an administrative fee as per the Repeat Exam Administration Fees Policy (https://students.dbs.ie/docs/default-source/default-document-library/repeat-fees201811.pdf?sfvrsn=d43347d3\_0). Fees are payable in advance and are non-refundable.



SECTION 9 Appeals and Complaints

9.1 Appeals

All learners are entitled to appeal the decision of a lower level decision-making body to a higher one. Examples of decisions that may be appealed include an assessment decision, a decision of the Academic Impropriety Committee, a decision of the Disciplinary Committee and a decision to withdraw  a  learner  from  a  programme.  For  full  information  on  the  appeals  and  complaints process please follow this link to the relevant section of the QAH Part B Section 3: Appeals and Complaints .

9.2 Complaints

The DBS Complaints Policy outlines a series of steps required to resolve complaints or issues to the  mutual  satisfaction of the  complainant  and the  individual,  service or  department  against which the complaint is being made. DBS commits to timely, transparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework. Please refer to the QAH Part B Section 3: Appeals and Complaints for full details.

The QAH can be found on the DBS website here: https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.



SECTION 10 Classification of Award

The award class of the degree is calculated on the credit-weighted mean value of the grades that contribute to the award. DBS applies a percentage grading system. Full details on award classifications can be found in the QAH Part B Section 6: Examination Boards and Awards Classifications . The QAH can be found on the DBS website here:

https://students.dbs.ie/academicoperations/qah.

No Repeat for Honours

As above, students should be aware of the 'no repeat for honours' rule whereby failed modules at Award Stage will lead to awards being capped as a pass award. Programmes such as Special Purpose Awards, Higher Certificate, Higher Diploma and Masters programmes are entirely Award-Stage and as such any failed module will result in capping of the award at 40%.



SECTION 11 Protection of Enrolled Learners (PEL)

For all DBS courses covered by the provisions of Section 65 (4) of the Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) Act 2012, (Protection of Enrolled Learners, or PEL), DBS has arrangements in place with Kaplan Inc. (the Guarantor) such that on the occurrence of a Trigger Event, the Guarantor will refund the moneys most recently paid to the relevant payers.

Trigger Event means:

- (i) Where DBS does not provide the programme for any reason including by reason of insolvency or winding-up of DBS, and/or,
- (ii) where Enrolled Learners have begun a Programme but not completed that programme and DBS ceases to provide the said Programme before the said Programme is completed for any reason, including by reason of insolvency or winding up of DBS, and/or where the Authority (QQI) withdraws validation of a Programme under section 36(7), section 47, or section 59(7) of the Act.

Moneys Most Recently Paid:  the  moneys  most  recently  paid  to  DBS  by,  or  on  behalf  of,  an Enrolled Learner in respect of a programme for:

- (i) Tuition fees;
- (ii) Registration fees;
- (iii) Examination fees;
- (iv) (iv) Library fees;
- (v) Student services fees, and
- (vi) Any other fees which relate to the provision of education, training and related services.

Payer: the person who paid the moneys most recently paid.

In  the  event  that  the  programme(s)  cease  prior  to  completion,  the  General  Counsel  International for Kaplan International Colleges will be responsible for initiating the drawing down of the guaranteed amounts and ensuring that such amounts are distributed to learners or payers, in  accordance  with  Section  65  (4)  (b)  of  the  Act.  Contact  details  for  the  General  Counsel  International are as follows:

Email: general.counsel@kaplaninternational.com Address: Kaplan - Legal Department Palace House, 3 Cathedral Street London SE1 9DE



SECTION 12 Conclusion

We hope you have found the DBS College Handbook helpful.

If you have any queries, please contact your Academic Director, Programme Coordinator or Module Leader. If you need to avail of any of the range of DBS services, please consult the DBS student website for the correct up to date contact details or forms suitable for your needs: https://students.dbs.ie/.

Enjoy your time at DBS!



DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (NON-EU RESIDENTS)

PROFESSIONALPROGRAMMES                                                             €6,000 forpapersSBL,SBR,P4&P7      
--------------------------------------
ACCA(Professional stage only - Part 3)                                                                                
HIGHERCERTIFICATES-LEVEL6                                                                                             
Higher Certificate in Arts                                                         2AcademicYears €10,050 perannum    
ORDINARYBACHELORDEGREES-LEVEL7                                                                                        
AllOrdinaryBachelorDegreeProgrammes (Refer to DBSFull-Time Undergraduate Brochure) 3AcademicYears €10,050 perannum    
HONOURSBACHELORDEGREES-LEVEL8                                                                                         
AllHonoursBachelorDegreeProgrammes (Refer to DBSFull-Time Undergraduate Brochure)  3or4AcademicYears €10,050 perannum 
HIGHERDIPLOMAS-LEVEL8                                                                                                 
All Higher Diplomas                                                                1AcademicYear €10,050 perannum     
Higher Diploma in Psychology                                                       2AcademicYears €10,050 perannum    

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS



DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (NON-EU RESIDENTS)

MASTERSPOSTGRADUATEDEGREES-LEVEL9                       Duration      Fees             
-------------------------------------------------
MastersDegreeProgrammes(RefertoDBSPostgraduateBrochure) 1AcademicYear €13,500 perannum 
Except for:                                                                            
Master of Science (MSc) Digital Marketing andAnalytics  1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) FinTech                         1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Data Analytics                  1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Business Analytics              1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Cybersecurity                   1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Artificial Intelligence         1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) Financial Analytics             1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 
Master of Science (MSc) in Trading andInvesting         1AcademicYear €14,500 perannum 

IF APPLYING FROM OUTSIDE IRELAND, THE FOLLOWING FEES APPLY:

Fees

Accommodation      Price uponapplication                                                                                                                    
-----------------------------------
Medical Insurance* Seefollowing link: https://www.dbs.ie/international-students/international- non-eu-students/medical-insurance-for-international-students 

*    All non-EEA students are required to have private medical insurance when coming to and residing in Ireland for the purpose of study. The private medical insurance should provide cover for accident and/or disease and should cover the student for any period of hospitalisation. Please note this is the responsibility of the student. To purchase medical insurance online please see www.studyandprotect.com

These fees are inclusive of:

- Tuition, registration, assessment and the protection of enrolled learners. It is expected that the fee for the protection of enrolled learners will increase in 2025.
- International Student services which includes homestay accommodation search, orientation programme and ongoing support services for overseas students.
- Registration &amp; exam support to the awarding and external examining bodies (apart from ACCA Registration fees).
- All photocopied materials provided by lecturers (cost of textbooks is not included).

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS



DBS  Full-Time International Programmes FEES FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2024/2025 (NON-EU RESIDENTS)

This leaflet gives details of tuition fees for full-time courses at Dublin Business School (DBS) for International (Non-EU) students (i.e. students who are nationals of countries outside the European Union or European Economic Area).

PAYMENT OF FEES

NOTES

Tuition fees are payable in Euro. The tuition fee must be paid as per the terms of the letter of offer. Students must pay the first year full tuition fee prior to course commencement (this is required in order for the student to be granted a visa or an extension of permission to reside in Ireland). Dublin Business School must receive the full amount as shown on the invoices for fees, rents and all other expenses. Any bank charges must therefore be paid by the person making the payment - the Remitter.

The management and administration of applications from international students applying via an agent is undertaken by DBS Services (a DBS subsidiary company). If you are an international student applying via an agent, by proceeding with an application to DBS, you agree that DBS Services will retain a fee for administration services relating to course application forms and/or visa applications carried out for you by student recruitment agents on behalf of DBS Services. This fee is only applicable in the event your application is successful and will be retained from your total fees payable. Further details are set out in our Terms &amp; Conditions found at www.dbs.ie/terms-and-conditions .

PAYMENT METHODS FOR INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS COMING THROUGH AGENTS

Dublin Business School accepts payments through a variety of payment methods, including bank transfers, credit/debit cards, e-wallets and more, through Dublin Business School's Payment Portal, powered by our official payment partner, Flywire. This portal allows you to save on bank fees and exchange rates, track your payment online from start to finish, make payments in over 140 currencies, and have access to 24/7 multilingual customer support. For students who are coming through an agency, fees must be paid through Flywire.

SCHOLARSHIPS AND DISCOUNTS

Dublin Business School offers a range of scholarships and discounts. Please contact international@dbs.ie for further information.

Please note only one scholarship or discount scheme is applicable per annum per student.

- Course fees are quoted for the academic year 2024/2025 only. Course fees for subsequent academic years may be subject to price increases.
- Students who fail examinations and have to repeat are required to pay tuition fees.
- For students that repeat exams and/or dissertations, the fees can be found via the following link: students.dbs.ie/exams-office/ repeat-assignments

Tuition fees are non-refundable. However:

- For International Students resident overseas fees will only be refunded if the visa application has been refused as outlined in the DBS Terms and Conditions section 5.7 on www.dbs.ie
- For International Students already resident in Ireland, fees will not be refunded under any circumstances after commencement of the course. Where a visa is required to be renewed during the DBS programme of study it is the responsibility of the student to check with the relevant authorities that the renewal application will be approved.
- Course commencement and start dates are subject to student numbers.
- All students for whom English is not a first language will be required to sit an English language test prior to commencement of their course. Students whose level of English does not meet the required standard will be redirected to an English language programme appropriate to their English language standard. Tuition fees for this additional English language tuition will be charged to the student. Upon successful completion of exams students may be allowed to commence their original first choice programme, subject to availability.

Dublin Business School reserves the right to alter or withdraw any modules, programmes, courses or details described on its website, brochures or other printed material. While every effort has been made to ensure that all information is correct, the College is not liable for any errors or omissions.

All programmes are run subject to demand.

#RealiseYourAmbition @ DBS

QUALITY ASSURANCE HANDBOOK

2024 Edition -Part B

Section 3: Learner Conduct, Appeals &amp; Complaints

1 

P a g e



2024

Contents

Contents......................................................................................................................................2   Contents......................................................................................................................................2   Contents......................................................................................................................................2       
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Learner Conduct, Appeals and Complaints....................................................................................5                      Learner Conduct, Appeals and Complaints....................................................................................5                      Learner Conduct, Appeals and Complaints....................................................................................5                          
3.1                                                                                                                                               The DBS Learner Charter ..................................................................................................6                       The DBS Learner Charter ..................................................................................................6                           
3.1.1                                                                                                                                             3.1.1                                                                                                                                             Why a Learner Charter?.......................................................................................................................6        
3.1.2                                                                                                                                             3.1.2                                                                                                                                             The DBS Learner Charter......................................................................................................................7        
3.2                                                                                                                                               Learner Code of Conduct Policy ........................................................................................8                          Learner Code of Conduct Policy ........................................................................................8                              
3.2.1                                                                                                                                             3.2.1                                                                                                                                             Policy Overview....................................................................................................................................8  
3.2.2                                                                                                                                             3.2.2                                                                                                                                             Policy Statement: DBS Student Code of Conduct.................................................................................9                       
3.2.3                                                                                                                                             3.2.3                                                                                                                                             Enforcement ......................................................................................................................................12  
3.2.4                                                                                                                                             3.2.4                                                                                                                                             Rights of DBS .....................................................................................................................................12 
3.2.5                                                                                                                                             3.2.5                                                                                                                                             Major Offences ..................................................................................................................................12   
3.2.6                                                                                                                                             3.2.6                                                                                                                                             Minor Offences ..................................................................................................................................14   
3.2.7                                                                                                                                             3.2.7                                                                                                                                             Online Code of Conduct .....................................................................................................................15        
3.2.8                                                                                                                                             3.2.8                                                                                                                                             Right of Appeal ..................................................................................................................................16  
3.3                                                                                                                                               Academic Integrity Policy ...............................................................................................17                       Academic Integrity Policy ...............................................................................................17                           
3.3.1                                                                                                                                             3.3.1                                                                                                                                             Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................17   
3.3.2                                                                                                                                             3.3.2                                                                                                                                             Policy Statement................................................................................................................................18    
3.3.3                                                                                                                                             3.3.3                                                                                                                                             Examples of Academic Impropriety ...................................................................................................19                
3.3.4                                                                                                                                             3.3.4                                                                                                                                             Support Available to Avoid Academic Impoverishment or Impropriety.............................................22                                      
3.3.5                                                                                                                                             3.3.5                                                                                                                                             Initial Action in Instances of Suspected Academic Impropriety .........................................................23                             
3.3.6                                                                                                                                             3.3.6                                                                                                                                             Whistleblowing Suspicions of Academic Impropriety ........................................................................24                          
3.3.7                                                                                                                                             3.3.7                                                                                                                                             Suspected Academic Impropriety in Examinations............................................................................25                          
3.3.8                                                                                                                                             3.3.8                                                                                                                                             Suspected Academic Impropriety in Grading of Learner Assessments ..............................................26                                     
3.3.9                                                                                                                                             3.3.9                                                                                                                                             Cases referred for a viva voce............................................................................................................28          
3.3.10                                                                                                                                            3.3.10                                                                                                                                            Potential Outcomes (Cases referred to the Academic Impropriety Committee)...........................28                                                
3.3.11                                                                                                                                            3.3.11                                                                                                                                            Faculty Academic Integrity ...........................................................................................................29              
3.3.12                                                                                                                                            3.3.12                                                                                                                                            Suspected Assessment Design Invalidation in Academic Integrity Reviews..................................30                                            
3.3.13                                                                                                                                            3.3.13                                                                                                                                            Right of Appeal .............................................................................................................................31       

3.3.14   3.3.14                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Additional Documents...................................................................................................................31                                                                                                                           
----------------------------------------
3.3.14   3.3.14                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Schematic of Academic Impropriety Process ................................................................................32                                                                                                                                        
3.4      Complaints Policy...........................................................................................................33                                                                                                                                      Complaints Policy...........................................................................................................33                                                                                                                                      
3.4.1    3.4.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................33                                                                                                                 
3.4.2    3.4.2                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Policy Statement................................................................................................................................33                                                                                                                  
3.4.3    3.4.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Submitting a Complaint: Timeframe and Requirements ...................................................................35                                                                                                                                            
3.4.4    3.4.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Investigation of a Formal Complaint .................................................................................................37                                                                                                                             
3.4.5    3.4.5                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Complaints Committee ......................................................................................................................38                                                                                                                       
3.4.6    3.4.6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Determination and Notification of a Complaint ................................................................................39                                                                                                                                    
3.4.7    3.4.7                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               The Right to Appeal a Complaint Outcome (a Petition).....................................................................40                                                                                                                                         
3.4.8    3.4.8                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Reporting and Recording Complaints ................................................................................................41                                                                                                                               
3.4.9    3.4.9                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Schematic of the Complaints Process ................................................................................................42                                                                                                                              
3.4.10   3.4.10                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Appeal and Complaints Process Flow ...........................................................................................43                                                                                                                                    
3.5      Appeals Policy................................................................................................................44                                                                                                                                    Appeals Policy................................................................................................................44                                                                                                                                    
3.5.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................44                                                                                                                 
3.5.2    Policy Statement................................................................................................................................44                                                                                                                  Policy Statement................................................................................................................................44                                                                                                                  
3.5.3    Submitting an Appeal: Timeframe and Requirements.......................................................................45                                                                                                                                           Submitting an Appeal: Timeframe and Requirements.......................................................................45                                                                                                                                           
3.5.4    Grounds for Appeal............................................................................................................................46                                                                                                                    Grounds for Appeal............................................................................................................................46                                                                                                                    
3.5.5    Presentation of New Evidence...........................................................................................................47                                                                                                                           Presentation of New Evidence...........................................................................................................47                                                                                                                           
3.5.6    The Handling of an Appeal Application .............................................................................................48                                                                                                                               The Handling of an Appeal Application .............................................................................................48                                                                                                                               
3.5.7    The Appeals Committee.....................................................................................................................49                                                                                                                        The Appeals Committee.....................................................................................................................49                                                                                                                        
3.5.8    Notification of the Outcome of an Appeal.........................................................................................49                                                                                                                                 Notification of the Outcome of an Appeal.........................................................................................49                                                                                                                                 
3.5.9    The Conclusion of the Appeals Process..............................................................................................49                                                                                                                               The Conclusion of the Appeals Process..............................................................................................49                                                                                                                               
3.5.10   Dissatisfaction with the Outcome of the Appeal Process and lodging a Complaint .....................49                                                                                                                                                              Dissatisfaction with the Outcome of the Appeal Process and lodging a Complaint .....................49                                                                                                                                                              
3.5.11   Schematic of the Appeals Process.................................................................................................51 Disciplinary Policy..........................................................................................................52 Schematic of the Appeals Process.................................................................................................51 Disciplinary Policy..........................................................................................................52 
3.6                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
3.6.1    Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................52                                                                                                                 Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................52                                                                                                                 
3.6.3    Receipt of an Allegation of Misconduct or an Alleged Breach of the Code .......................................54                                                                                                                                                   Receipt of an Allegation of Misconduct or an Alleged Breach of the Code .......................................54                                                                                                                                                   
3.6.4    Investigating an Allegation under this Policy.....................................................................................55                                                                                                                                Investigating an Allegation under this Policy.....................................................................................55                                                                                                                                

3.6.5                                                                                                                                  Disciplinary Hearing...........................................................................................................................56   
---------------------------------------
3.6.6                                                                                                                                  Right of Appeal and the DBS Appeals process ...................................................................................57                   
3.6.7                                                                                                                                  Criminal Matters................................................................................................................................57  
3.6.8                                                                                                                                  Malicious or Bad Faith Allegations ....................................................................................................57           
3.6.9                                                                                                                                  Schematic of the Disciplinary Process................................................................................................58             
3.7                                                                                                                                    Cameras On Policy .........................................................................................................59                       
3.7.1                                                                                                                                  Policy Overview..................................................................................................................................59 
3.7.2                                                                                                                                  Policy Statement................................................................................................................................59  
3.7.2                                                                                                                                  Additional Documents .......................................................................................................................60      
Table of Figures                                                                                                                       Table of Figures                                                                                                                                    
Figure 1: Schematic of the Academic Impropriety Process ..................................................................32           Figure 1: Schematic of the Academic Impropriety Process ..................................................................32                        
Figure 2: Schematic of the Complaints Process....................................................................................42    Figure 2: Schematic of the Complaints Process....................................................................................42                 
Figure 3: Appeals and Complaints Process Flow...................................................................................43     Figure 3: Appeals and Complaints Process Flow...................................................................................43                  
Figure 4: Schematic of the Appeals Process .........................................................................................51 Figure 4: Schematic of the Appeals Process .........................................................................................51              
Figure 5: Schematic of the Disciplinary Process....................................................................................58  Figure 5: Schematic of the Disciplinary Process....................................................................................58               

Learner Conduct, Appeals and Complaints

As per the Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines , it is important that the learning environment provided:

- Respects and attends to the diversity of learners and their needs, enabling flexible learning pathways

[...]

- Encourages a sense of autonomy in the learner, while encouraging adequate guidance and support for the learner
- Promotes mutual respect within the learner-teacher relationship
- Has procedures for dealing with learner complaints
- Has procedures for dealing with learner appeals

QQI (2016) 1

This section of the Quality Assurance Handbook lays out firstly the expectations for and of our learners, as well as the policies and procedures for dealing with issues such as complaints and appeals.

This includes:

- The Learner Charter and Code of Conduct -what you can expect of DBS, and what DBS expects of you as a learner
- Academic Impropriety (AI) Policy
- The Disciplinary Policy
- Appeals -what to do if you wish to appeal an academic outcome such as the grade of an assessment
- Complaints -what to do if you have an issue relating to facilities, supports provided, programme delivery, a (fellow) learner on a study programme or a member of staff.
- Cameras On Policy -for online learning.

1 QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines , Section 2.5.2, 'Teaching and Learning' https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf .

3.1 The DBS Learner Charter

The Learner Charter aims to make learners aware of what they can expect of DBS and outlines what DBS can expect from learners.

3.1.1 Why a Learner Charter?

DBS has around 9000 active learners enrolled on programmes. We want the learner experience for all our learners to be a positive one. We recognise that our learners are part of a community of learning, and that we have obligations to fulfil towards our learners, and that learners likewise have responsibilities, to themselves, to their fellow learners and to the College. The Learner Charter therefore aims to set out what we see as the key areas that help to foster a supportive, constructive and positive learning environment. This Charter, however, like our Quality Assurance Handbook , is a 'living document' we want to respond to issues as they arise. So if there is something you think is missing, we are happy to hear about it. Your suggestions can be made in writing to the Quality Assurance Officer via quality@dbs.ie .

3.1.2 The DBS Learner Charter

Being inspired and nurtured to realise their career ambitions, learners will:

1. Be welcomed into a supportive collaborative environment, where faculty will drive engagement to meet the challenges of learning and becoming workready graduates.
2. Be guided by trained faculty who are knowledgeable and experienced in their area, will meet their deadlines and honour their commitments, particularly with regular, informative and timely feedback.
3. Experience a forward-thinking learning environment, with current accessible content that reflects today's workplace challenges and that is innovative in its application and use of educational technology.
4. Have multiple opportunities to further their holistic development through DBS organised activities and forums in addition to learning, teaching and assessment.
5. Be supported in their career planning and progression into the workplace.
6. Be treated with respect, dignity and professionalism by DBS staff at all times in a safe environment where diversity is embraced.
7. Be listened to and heard and become genuine partners in decisions that affect the student body.
8. Be communicated with promptly and accurately, using an appropriate medium, with regard to information central to their studies, such as timetables, forms, policies and procedures.
9. Be made aware of, and have supported access to, suitable resources and technologies to further their learning.
10. Be made aware of the importance of academic integrity and be guided and supported in following the rules and regulations for academic integrity as outlined in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook.

Being proactive and participatory, learners will:

1. Attend classes, lectures and other academic activities related to your programme of study and actively engage with/in the content/activity.
2. Take responsibility for learning and proactively manage the learning experience, including attending class, submitting assessments in accordance with deadlines and engaging with learners and lecturers.
3. Be open to the challenges of learning in a forward-thinking learning environment that reflects today's workplace.
4. Embrace and develop opportunities for further holistic development outside the academic curriculum.
5. Actively engage with career planning and workplace progression initiatives.
6. Behave in a courteous and professional manner towards other learners and staff at all times.
7. Help drive and participate in activities that allow learners to become partners in decisions that impact the learning experience and the student body.
8. Proactively ensure awareness of, and action when appropriate, key module, programme and college information such as deadlines, and to regularly monitor your College communications.
9. Use College facilities and technologies in an appropriate manner and with respect for other users.
10. Respect and comply with the rules of academic integrity as set out in the DBS Quality Assurance Handbook, including those that relate to plagiarism, copyright, cheating and collusion, among others.

3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B



Document Name                          Learner Code of Conduct Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
----------------------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 010                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Version Reference                      v2.3                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Document Owner                         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, and Head of Teaching Delivery and Content Production                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      QA Officer, Heads of Department, Exams Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmes, Professional Programmes, Kaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ)                                                                                                                                                                                                            
Approved By                            Academic Board &QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Approval Date                          23/07/19, v2.2 07/12/2021, v2.3 02/03/2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Revision History/ Amalgamation History Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      
Additional Information                 N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
References/ Supporting Documentation   • ENQA (2015) Standards and Guidelines for Quality Assurance in the European Higher Education Area , Standard 1.3. 'Student -Centred Learning, Teaching and Assessment'. 2 • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines , Section 2.5.1, 'Teaching and Learning' and Section 2. 5.2 'A Provider Ethos that Promotes Learning' . 3 

3.2.1 Policy Overview

Each learner at DBS is required to comply with the College's Code of Conduct. The purpose of the DBS Learner Code of Conduct is to ensure that an appropriate academic environment, in which mutual respect for all College staff, learners, visitors and guests is promoted. The Code requires reasonable behaviour and consideration for others and is intended to assist learners in spending a fulfilling and rewarding time at the College. This policy sets out DBS ' s expectations regarding learner implementation of the policy.

The Code of Conduct is intended to set and maintain acceptable standards of behaviour within the College community, to encourage individuals to accept their obligations and to maintain the College's good standing. The Code applies to all learners regardless of their study location, including

2 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

3 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

the online learning environment. In the case of learners undertaking a programme that is a collaboration between DBS and other parties, this Code shall apply except where a specific alternative is identified.

This Code is not intended to be an exhaustive document. Other regulations concerning expected norms of behaviour and communication are documented throughout the College Quality Assurance Handbook .

The enforcement of the Code is a shared responsibility. The Disciplinary Committee is called to review cases of suspected or alleged breaches of this code. It is the responsibility of each learner in DBS to adequately familiarise themselves with this policy and the other rules and regulations that may be specific to their chosen programme of study. Ignorance of the code does not constitute adequate defence, should a learner be found to be in breach of the Code.

3.2.2 Policy Statement: DBS Student Code of Conduct

1. Commitment to the Code of Conduct

- In registering for a programme of study at DBS all learners are accepting the Code of Conduct and agreeing to adhere to the requirements and expectations identified within it.

2. General Behaviour

- All learners are expected to conduct themselves in an appropriate and respectful manner in their interactions with, and on behalf of, DBS. Learners must not engage in any activity that may negatively impact upon the name of the College, its staff or its learners.
- Learners are expected to conduct themselves legally, ethically and responsibly in all interactions and communications, including interactions through technology and social media, within and outside their programme of study.
- All communications and interactions with the College or any of its stakeholders, and on behalf of the College as a DBS learner, are expected to be conducted in a respectful manner based upon dignity, equality and inclusion.
- Any act or omission that affects adversely the rights of any other member of the College community, including partners or external stakeholders, or that disrupts the conduct of any College activity, will be considered a breach of the Code of Conduct, and may be subject to disciplinary proceedings.

3. Satisfaction of College and Programme Requirements and Regulations

- Learners take personal responsibility for their studies and their progression through their chosen programme of study and for the consequences and implications of their actions and inactions in this regard.
- Learners are required to attend scheduled classes punctually.
- o Note that this means, as a rule, prompt arrival for the beginning of class, on or before the hour. Late arrival is extremely disruptive to other students and the lecturer. Learners arriving late to on-site classes will not be able to tag in and will need to speak to their lecturers to have attendance recorded. Likewise, learners arriving late to online classes will not have their attendance counted.
- Learners must conduct themselves in an appropriate manner throughout the class. This includes:
- o Engaging with the lecturer and other learners.
- o Taking part, but not interrupting the lecturer or other learners.
- o Minimising use of electronic devices such as mobile phones except for direct interaction as directed by the lecturer as part of the class.
- Learners are responsible for the accurate and honest recording of their attendance. Any attempt to falsify attendance records is considered fraudulent and will be subject to disciplinary proceedings.
- Learners are required to maintain communication with DBS in all instances where they are unable to attend or engage with their studies. Failure to do so may impact o n a learner's enrolment status.
- It is the responsibility of each learner to familiarise themselves with the regulations, policies and procedures of DBS, including assessment regulations governing their programme, and any implications that failure to comply or adhere to specifics outlined within same may have on their enrolment status and potential entitlement to an award.
- Each learner is required to produce their Student ID Card upon request by any member of DBS staff.

4. In-Class Conduct

- Learners are required to adhere to the reasonable and lawful instruction of DBS staff during class and whilst on DBS premises.

- Where any learner disrupts a class or acts in a manner that fails to display dignity and respect to others, including by failing to follow the instructions of DBS staff, the staff member is within their rights to ask the learner to withdraw from the particular class activity and to report the learner for a breach of this code.
- No learner may record sound or video in a teaching situation (such as, but not limited to, lectures, seminars, tutorials or labs) without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners. Only in cases where there are personal mitigating circumstances (PMCs) will requests of this nature be considered. These requests must be made prior to any recording, and academic staff members have the right to refuse where other mechanisms to support the learner can be accommodated.

5. Use of Social Media and Technology

- DBS encourages learners to engage in groups and societies and establish informal networks, including through the use of social media and technology, to promote the development and enhancement of the learner community. Participation, whilst often informal and social in nature, must be appropriate, inoffensive and respectful at all times. Learners are required to be mindful of their language and the material they choose to share.
- Content owned by, or including personal information of, other people, including text, audio, photos or video, should never be shared without their consent.
- Refer to Part B Section 3.2.7 for the full Online Code of Conduct.

6. Dealings with Staff

- Learners are required to be respectful in their dealings with staff at all times through all media (in-person, online, on the phone). Rude or aggressive behaviour will not be tolerated. Staff are entitled to end an interaction if a learner's behaviour is deemed to be inappropriate in tone or content. In such a circumstance, a formal note of the incident will be escalated to the relevant line manager and follow up action taken as required, which may involve disciplinary action.
- Likewise, staff are required to remain courteous and respectful in all interactions with learners.

7. Premises, Property and Staff Associated with DBS or its Programmes

- Learners are required to respect the staff, premises, property and fellow learners of DBS and any associated venue or partner, including local residents and businesses.
- Learners who undertake part of their studies in locations outside of DBS are required to familiarise themselves with any specific codes of behaviour or conduct belonging to those locations and adhere to them during their time there.

- Where the College is notified of an allegation of a breach of a Code of Conduct belonging to another location associated with the completion of a DBS programme of study or an official DBS event or activity, the learner can be subject to DBS disciplinary proceedings. Any student of DBS who engages in activity outside of the College or formal College events and which could bring the good name of the College into disrepute may also be subject to disciplinary proceedings.

3.2.3 Enforcement

For the purpose of enforcing this Code, DBS is entitled but not obliged to investigate any allegation of misconduct and, following appropriate disciplinary procedures, may impose a penalty or sanction where the allegation is upheld.

Any breach of this Code is normally considered a breach of discipline and will be considered under the Disciplinary Procedure. A range of penalties can be applied up to and including the requirement for the learner to withdraw from their programme and/or the College with no entitlement to a refund.

3.2.4 Rights of DBS

DBS reserves the right for any member of staff to request and to retain the student card of any individual learner, where a conduct breach is alleged.

DBS reserves the right to suspend a learner from their programme of studies and suspend their access to any DBS facilities and resources pending an investigation into any allegation of a breach of the Code of Conduct.

Where it is deemed appropriate in order to guarantee the continued smooth running of an affected programme of study, the College reserves the right to request that a learner agree to an independent assessment by a relevant professional, for example, where the health, safety or wellbeing of others is deemed to be at risk.  A failure to comply with this request may result in the learner not being permitted to continue with their programme of study.

The College reserves the right to refuse to provide a reference for the purpose of professional registration, employment or further study for any learner who has breached the Code of Conduct.

The provisions of this Code are without prejudice to the legal rights of learners. However, where DBS deems it appropriate or necessary, DBS reserves the right to notify the Gardai of any allegation of a crime having been committed or other such threat of a crime.

3.2.5 Major Offences

Major Offences under the Code of Conduct include, but are not limited to:

- Academic Impropriety, including but not limited to plagiarism.
- Activities by a learner or learners outside of the College that are suspected to involve collusion with another learner or entity with respect to the production of any assessment material i.e. essay mills, ghost writing, etc.
- o Learners should note legislation in Ireland introduced through an amendment to the Education Act in 2019 which prohibits the provision of cheating services.
- Furnishing false information to the College with intent to deceive.
- Forgery, alteration or misuse of College documents, records or student identity cards. This includes, but is not limited to, attendance records, reference letters, registration status letters, certificates, assessment results and transcripts, etc.
- Behaviours such as physical, verbal or written harassment, sexual harassment, intimidation, bullying or abuse of any learner or member of staff of the College. DBS has a zero-tolerance policy and any such behaviour.
- Malicious or Bad Faith allegations against another learner, faculty or staff, or other College stakeholder.
,nauthorised accessing of restricted College facilities, systems, accounts or documents.
- Malicious destruction, damage or misuse of College property, including Library materials and computer equipment, or of private property on the campus.
,nwarranted interference with College's safety equipment, fire -fighting equipment and alarm systems or failure to observe fire drill procedures.
- Abuse of alcohol, illegal or prescription drugs on the campus, at College events held externally, or on the premises of any DBS partner organisation.
- Misuse or appropriation of College facilities or services, for illegal use, commercial ends or activities which are in conflict with the College's core business, vision, mission, purpose and values.
- Forcible occupation of College buildings.
- Activities by a learner or learners outside of the College while engaged in work experience, placement, co-curricular events, volunteer placement, study tours, assignments organised by the College or while representing the College, its Clubs or Societies, which would breach the regulations of the College which apply on campus.
- Incitement or encouragement of any other person or persons to do any of the above.
- Criminal Offences (including theft) will be referred to the Gardai.

Penalties for Major Offences

Where a learner is found to have committed any of the offences outlined above, the Disciplinary Committee has the authority to impose penalties, either separately or in combination, that may include, but would not be limited to, the following:

- Expulsion from the College.
- Suspension from the College for a stated period, or until such time as any requirements laid down by the Committee, such as payment of a fine or the restitution of damage or loss, are fulfilled.
- Exclusion from specific College facilities.
- Disbarment from examinations for a specific period.
- A fine not exceeding 50% of the annual full-time fee of the course being undertaken.
- In the case of the offence of Academic Impropriety, a range of penalties may be applied, up to and including dismissal from the College with no right of return, as outlined in the DBS Academic Impropriety Policy, QAH Part B Section 3.3.
- An order for reparation of any damage or loss caused to the College or any of its staff or learner members or members of the public.
- Refusal or withholding of the award of a degree, diploma, certificate, prize or other academic title/award.

3.2.6 Minor Offences

Minor Offences include, but are not limited to:

- Littering
- Disorderly/ disruptive conduct
- Causing minor damage to College property or private property on the campus
- Being in restricted access areas without permission
- Failing to produce proof of identity upon request
- Conduct which disrupts or is likely to disrupt lectures, research, study, examinations, use of College facilities or the administration of the College
- Conduct which obstructs or is likely to obstruct a member of staff of the College, or a person authorised by the College to carry out specific tasks, in the performance of his or her duties.

Penalties for Minor Offences

Where a learner is found to have committed any of the offences outlined above, these may be dealt with informally initially if deemed to be sufficiently minor in nature and agreement is reached with the learner concerned to address the issue and prevent recurrence.  Serious or repeat offences will be dealt with through the formal disciplinary process. Any or all of the following penalties may be imposed:

- A reprimand from the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or other authorised College official and/or a note on the learner's record.
- An order for the reparation of any damage or loss caused to the College or to any members of staff or learners or members of the public.
- The imposition of a fine up to a maximum of 50% of the annual full-time fee of the programme being undertaken.
- Other penalties in accordance with the nature of the offence.

3.2.7 Online Code of Conduct

1. DBS considers all online delivery platforms to equate with the on-campus classroom in terms of learner engagement and behaviours. The Learner Charter and Learner Code of Conduct apply in all cases.
2. All online interaction must comply with data protection laws.
3. All online interaction must be conducted in a professional and courteous manner at all times.
4. Only approved College platforms should be used for online interaction (DBS e-mail, Moodle, Zoom).
5. It is not permitted to record sound or video in a teaching situation (such as, but not limited to, lectures, seminars, tutorials or labs) without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners.
6. Other people's content, including text, audio, photos or video should never be shared without their consent.
7. Content featuring other people should not be shared without their consent.
8. All DBS lecture and teaching content is DBS IP and must not be shared with third parties.
9. College platforms should only be used for activities related to learning and teaching/academics or other College activities, and must not be utilised for illegal or commercial pursuits, and personal usage must be within reasonable limits and in accordance with the Learner Acceptable Usage Policy for Facilities and Services.

Online Behaviours:

Learners are required to adhere to the following:

- Learners should arrive promptly to online classes.
- Learners should ensure they attend online classes from an appropriate environment.
- Cameras should be switched on in online classes where possible, to increase and demonstrate engagement with peers (See DBS QAH Part B Section 3.7 Cameras On Policy ).
- Microphones should be muted in online classes when not speaking.
- It is not permitted for learners to record sound or video in a teaching situation without the prior written consent of the lecturer and the other participating learners.
- E-mails should always be sent from College e-mail accounts to College e-mail accounts.
- Online study groups, even amongst friends, should remain a professional environment.
- E-mails, posts and discussions in online fora should be properly written, punctuated and spell-checked. Sources should be referenced if applicable.
- Communications should be relevant.
- Information about or belonging to another person (including personal identifying information, social media posts, photos, videos etc.) must never be shared without explicit prior consent.
- Social media groups used to study must not be used to air personal political or religious views or to discuss sensitive topics that are not germane to the area of study.
- o It is recognised that within specific disciplines sensitive issues may be relevant to academic or professional discussions. Nonetheless, discussions should not become overly personal.

Where a learner does not comply with any of the above, lecturers/staff are within their rights to end the interaction with the learner.

3.2.8 Right of Appeal

A learner may appeal the outcome of the Disciplinary Committee and/or a penalty imposed. See DBS Learner Disciplinary Policy for full details. The Disciplinary Policy can be located in Part B Section 3.4 below.

3.3 Academic Integrity Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B



Document Name                          Academic Integrity Policy (formerly Academic Impropriety Policy)                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 011                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Version Reference                      v2.4                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Document Owner                         Exams Manager                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, QA Officer, Heads of Department                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmes, Professional Programmes, Kaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ)                                                                                                                                                
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     
Approval date                          23/07/19, v2.1 07/12/2021, v2.2 19/04/2022, v2.3 02/03/2023, v2.4 05/12/2024                                                                                                                                                                                                           
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revision History/ Amalgamation History 05/12/2024 - Addition of Assessment Invalidation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
References/ Supporting Documentation   • ENQA (2015) Standards and Guidelines for Quality Assurance in the European Higher Education Area , Standard 1.3. 'Student -Centred Learning, Teaching and Assessment'. 4 • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines , Section 2.6, ' Assessment of Learners ' . 5 

3.3.1 Policy Overview

Academic Integrity is defined as ' the commitment to, and demonstration of, honest and moral behaviour in an academic setting ' (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill Writing Center), and involves ' compliance with ethical and professional principles, standards, practices and consistent systems of values, that serves as guidance for making decisions and taking actions in education, research and scholarship ' (ENAI). The College is committed to the principles of academic integrity, and engages with the National Academic Integrity Network (NAIN) in strategies to support academic integrity and reduce academic impropriety.). This applies to all learners, faculty and staff of the College. Academic Impropriety is the breaching of the principles and regulations around Academic Integrity.

4 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

5 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

DBS aim to promote academic integrity through supporting learners in developing academic writing and research skills. All learners are informed of the expectations of DBS in relation to academic work submitted for assessment and are provided with access to services to support the development of appropriate academic writing and research skills.

This policy details the formal mechanisms that DBS utilises when managing suspected cases of Academic Impropriety.

3.3.2 Policy Statement

' Academic Impropriety' includes cheating, plagiarism, forgery, collusion or any attempt, whether successful or otherwise, to gain an unfair advantage in the examination or assessment process.

Learners are advised that DBS takes cases of Academic Impropriety very seriously and will apply penalties up to and including expulsion from the College with no right to return nor to a monetary refund. This policy applies to all programmes offered by DBS. The College reserves the right to review any grade or assessment where evidence emerges requiring investigation for impropriety, up to and including grades ratified by an Examination Board or where an award has been conferred. Retroactive action may be ta ken where evidence relating to an individual learner's conduct is brought to light or where an officially sanctioned audit identifies anomalies or concerns across a cohort or cohorts. In severe cases, this may lead to removal of an award from a learner or learners.

However, malicious or speculative reports will not be entertained by the College.

DBS reserves the right to protect its reputation as an academic institution and will defend any legal challenge to its implementation of this policy and the outcomes of deliberations relating to Academic Impropriety.

Internal Examiners should be aware that poor academic conduct or academic impoverishment is not to be confused with impropriety. Instances of academic impoverishment should be addressed through marking accordingly and providing the appropriate feedback to assist academic development. Cases of suspected Academic Impropriety, i.e. the intention to secure an unfair advantage through dishonest academic practice in the assessment process, should be addressed through the Academic Impropriety procedure. A number of examples of Academic Impropriety are detailed below, and in the accompanying appendix (Appendix B.3.3.2).

DBS encourages communities of learning, the creation of learning partnerships, and authorised collaboration in assessment. However, all assessment tasks are to be entirely the work of the individual submitting it unless stated otherwise. Any assessments found to contain work the same as, or similar to, that of another learner, past or present, will be considered to be the product of

cheating or collusion, and therefore of Academic Impropriety, and penalties for Academic Impropriety will be applied as appropriate.

DBS believes there is no justification for impropriety and claims of stress, financial pressure, ill health or other such instances will not be accepted as justification for Academic Impropriety. Equally, lack of knowledge is not considered a suitable defence. Any learner who believes they are subject to pressure that is impacting their studies and their ability to satisfy assessment requirements is advised to consult Student Services, the Academic Director or module lecturer and request appropriate supports or information on the options available to them.

In order to deter learners from considering Academic Impropriety as a low-risk option in cases where they consider their failure to be likely, the Academic Impropriety Committee, when dealing with any such case brought before it, will ensure that any penalty is more significant than having made an honest attempt at assessment and failed.

Should Academic Impropriety be suspected, the learner or learners concerned will be notified of the action(s) to be taken and the potential penalties that may be applied.

3.3.3 Examples of Academic Impropriety

Academic Impropriety is broadly defined as the intention to secure an unfair advantage through dishonest academic practice in the assessment process. Examples are given below, but this list is not exhaustive, and where any case of alleged or suspected dishonest practice to gain unfair advantage is brought to the College's attention, the procedure for Academic Impropriety will apply . A full lexicon, in alignment with the National Academic Integrity Network lexicon, is available in Appendix B.3.3.2 .

An investigation of suspected Academic Impropriety and the procedure outlined below can commence regardless of whether or not the specific occurrence of suspected Academic Impropriety is specifically included as an example in this policy.



Cheating

Examples of cheating include but are not restricted to:

- Communication with a third party or copying from any other source during an examination/assessment.
,se of a third party for the completion or partial completion of an assessment e.g. friend, family member, essay writing service, or artificial intelligence software.
- Introducing any form of written or other material into a closed book examination (including that stored electronically) other than that specified on an examination paper.
,se of a mobile phone or any unauthorised electronic device during an assessment or examination.
- Forgery, alteration or misuse of College documents, records or identity cards.
- Submission of false claims of prior qualification(s), research or experience in order to gain credit for prior learning.

Plagiarism

Plagiarism is defined as the presentation of work, written or otherwise, of any other person or source, including another learner, or institution, third party such as a friend or family member, or artificial intelligence software , as the candidate's own. Plagiarism includes but is not restricted to:

- Verbatim copying of another's work without clear identification and acknowledgement.
- P araphrasing of another's work by simply changing a few words or altering the order of presentation without clear identification and acknowledgement.

,nidentified /unacknowledged presentation of another's concept as one's own.

Self-Plagiarism

Academic Impropriety also includes self-plagiarism , where a learner uses work previously submitted for another assessment or publication, whether at a previous or the current institution, and repurposes it in another assignment. While it is legitimate to draw on and develop ideas that may be covered elsewhere, it is not acceptable to re-submit a piece of work for assessment twice, and this includes blocks of text within a piece of work (unless this is specifically provided for in the special regulations of a module).  Where previous work completed can be cited, references must be applied as appropriate.

Collusion

Collusion is defined as: the conscious collaboration, without official approval, between two or more learners in the preparation and production of work which is ultimately submitted by each in an identical or substantially similar form and/or is represented by each to be the product of his or her individual efforts. Collusion also occurs where there is co-operation between a learner and an external third party in the preparation and production of work, which is presented as the learner's own.

Purchased Assignments/Essay Mills/Ghost Writing

The use of purchased material from online 'essay mills', whether purchased by the learner or otherwise, is an intentional attempt by the learner to submit work that is not their own and will be dealt with severely.

It should be noted that Ireland has introduced a law to make the advertising and provision of cheating services illegal 6 . Learners who facilitate the access of such services to College systems or learner groups (for example, providing access to learner Whatsapp groups or sharing learner contact details with these external parties) are subject to this legislation, and are in breach of data protection legislation and may be subject to the appropriate legal action.

Misattributed or Deliberately Misleading Referencing

The exercise of inserting apparently valid reference details in-text and in bibliographies, where the content referenced either does not exist, or does not relate to the matter being supported or bear

6 Qualifications and Quality Assurance (Education and Training) (Amendment) Act 2019: http://www.irishstatutebook.ie/eli/2019/act/32/section/15/enacted/en/html#sec15

any relation  to  the  argument or  evidence  being claimed.  This  is  considered  a deliberate  intent  to mislead examiners and subvert the academic review process.

Deliberate Manipulation of Submissions to Avoid Detection by Text-Matching Software

The manipulation of text to evade detection by text-matching software, such as re-wording sentences from a source, employing translation software to change the source material to another language and back  into  English,  or  inserting  disguised  characters  (such  as  characters  coloured  to  match  the background) or special characters, such that text-matching software is hindered in completing an accurate analysis.

The Unauthorised Submission of College Material to External File Sharing Sites

The  provision  of  College  material,  such  as  Assessment  Briefs,  lecture  material,  or  completed assessments,  to  an  external  file  sharing  site  (for  example,  CourseHero  or  StudyDrive).  This  action breaches both academic integrity principles, and the intellectual property rights of the College and staff.

The following practices may be considered as constituting Academic Impropriety if excessive and repeated  instances  are  identified.  Initial  instances  may  be  considered  as  the  result  of  poor  or inadequate  academic  development  or  as  academic  impoverishment,  and  should  be  addressed through learner supports, such as the Library's support classes.

Excessive-Quoting

It is important that any body of work comprises significant analysis by the learner. Therefore, it is not appropriate for an essay to consist of large numbers of referenced quotations from other sources without suitable discussion and analysis.

Excessive Paraphrasing/Re-wording

It is not sufficient to merely reword/paraphrase content. Ideas and concepts must be reframed, and insights provided. Deliberate plagiarism, including changing words to disguise a source, is a serious offence. Re-wording in this way generally results in disjointed or inelegant prose which is easily identified by markers.

3.3.4 Support Available to Avoid Academic Impoverishment or Impropriety

The College commits to supporting learners to avoid poor academic practice or misconduct, and believes that prevention and deterrence are more beneficial approaches to simple penalisation where misconduct is identified.

Learners are encouraged to engage with the support services and functions available across the College to avoid accidentally breaching academic integrity principles or requirements. These services include:

- Classes and resources hosted by the Library on information literacy and referencing;
- Sessions hosted by the Student Engagement and Success Unit (SESU) on academic writing skills;
- Resources made available to learners through Induction, on the website, and through scheduled classes with lecturers to identify academic integrity principles and practices.

A tool in effect by the College is a text-matching software, Ouriginal (formerly Urkund).

It is important for both learners and lecturers to note that text comparison software such as Ouriginal (Urkund) is only an indicative tool. Properly referenced quotations and bibliographies will be identified by the software, and the software may not identify all sources/resources. Therefore, there is no absolute percentage of similarity that is 'acceptable'. A high percentage of matching text is obviously a flag that Academic Impropriety may have occurred, but a single paragraph that is completely plagiarised is as unacceptable as a larger piece of writing. Percentages may be lower than ordinarily expected where quotations and references are included in a submission, and unusually low percentage matches should be investigated as closely as higher percentag es. It is the learner's responsibility to ensure assessments are their own work, and lecturers' responsibility to assess this:

- Learners and lecturers should not rely on the Ouriginal (Urkund) similarity percentage to assess 'acceptability' of an assignment.
- Examiners/lecturers may not submit cases of suspected Academic Impropriety based on Ouriginal (Urkund) percentage alone where this has not been properly interrogated.

3.3.5 Initial Action in Instances of Suspected Academic Impropriety

Suspected cases of cheating, collusion and plagiarism will be notified to the Examinations Team, the Exams Manager and QA Officer.

In cases where insufficient evidence is presented the case will not be progressed at that time. Where sufficient evidence is presented that Academic Impropriety may have taken place, the QA Officer or their nominee will convene the Academic Impropriety Committee.

Where the Exams Manager and QA Officer deem that on the balance of probability that Academic Impoverishment has occurred rather than Academic Impropriety, the learner will be referred to the DBS Library Service to complete a class on academic writing. However, a formal record will be kept of the case should another incident occur.

3.3.6 Whistleblowing Suspicions of Academic Impropriety

A report of a suspicion of academic impropriety that does not derive from the examination or invigilation processes, for example from another current or previous learner, is deemed to be a case of whistleblowing. This policy is not intended to be used where there are more appropriate policies and procedures available (refer to the Complaints and Disciplinary Policies).

Investigations of a report of a suspicion of academic impropriety cannot be undertaken where the report is made anonymously. Reports can be made with a request for confidentiality where there is a concern for the possibility of reprisals if the whistleblow er's identity is revealed. These requests will be raised to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or their nominee to consider whether the report can be appropriately considered and investigated 'anonymously'.

Where reports are made that are malicious, vexatious, or motivated by personal gain, these will be liable for disciplinary action. Reports made by an essay-writing service will be escalated to the appropriate authorities to pursue the relevant legislative action against these illegal services.

Reports should be made formally in writing, with any available supporting evidence, to dbsacademicintegrity@dbs.ie . Within data protection regulations, individuals submitting a report will not be advised of the outcome of any investigation or any detail regarding another learner or graduate's personal or academic record.

Where suspicions are brought to the College's attention outside of the examination or invigilation processes, the due diligence checks may include any of the following:

- Comparing grade profiles to identify discrepancies;
- Comparing samples of previously submitted work against the submissions in review;
- Reviewing submission files for irregularities;
- Additional checks as appropriate to the assessment(s) in review or the nature of the concern raised.

Where a report is corroborated with suitable evidence of a suspicion, the case may be escalated to the Academic Impropriety Committee or viva panel for review. Where there is no suitable evidence to corroborate a report, the case will be closed, and no for mal record left on the suspected learner's or graduate's record.

3.3.7 Suspected Academic Impropriety in Examinations

DBS reserves the right to require learners to attend a viva voce examination to verify their submission for any exam. Any learner found to be cheating in an online exam will be required to attend on campus for any future examinations.

3.3.7.1 On-site Examinations

Any member of staff who suspects Academic Impropriety during an assessment under examination conditions must report such suspicions immediately to the Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer or representative from the Examinations Team.

Upon being alerted to a possible infringement, the Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to approach the learner concerned and issue a verbal warning to desist with any behaviours and/or hand over any items such as notes or items not permitted in the exam hall (e.g. mobile phone, dictionary, etc.).  Where necessary, the Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer may ask the learner to step outside the examination hall. This step is confined to situations where there may be disruption to other learners or where the situation cannot be dealt with within the exam hall. Should this be necessary, a second invigilator or staff member should be present for this.

Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and therefore, after the initial intervention, the learner will usually be permitted to continue with the exam, unless to do so it may cause disruption to other learners, and the examination script is submitted and marked as normal. The learner may be requested to remain in the exam venue at the end of the exam to discuss the incident with the invigilation team, and contribute to the Incident Report.

The Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to provide a written Incident Report to the Examinations Office following the exam.

The grade and feedback will not be released until such a time as the allegation has been investigated and an outcome determined.

3.3.7.2 Proctored Online Examinations

Refer also to DBS QAH Part B Section 5.10.7 Online Exams Policy

.

Where exams are deployed through a secure online proctoring environment, the recorded screen and camera of the learner and their activities may be monitored to ensure adherence to the exam conditions of the assessment.

Any member of staff who suspects Academic Impropriety during an online assessment under examination conditions must report such suspicions immediately to the Lead

Invigilator/Examinations Officer or representative from the Examinations Team. Upon being alerted to a possible infringement, the Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to contact the learner concerned and issue a verbal warning to desist with any behaviours and/or remove any nonpermitted items from the vicinity. Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and therefore, after the initial intervention, the learner will usually be permitted to continue with the exam, unless to do so it may cause disruption to other learners, and the examination script is submitted and marked as normal. At the end of the examination the Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

The Lead Invigilator/Examinations Officer is required to provide a written Incident Report to the Examinations Office following the exam. The learner concerned may be asked to attend a meeting online immediately following the exam in order to contribute to the Incident Report.

Where concerns arise following an exam, the proctoring report and associate recordings may be accessed to assist in investigation. Where concerns about the integrity of an exam arise, DBS reserves the right to investigate through comparison of previous work, viva voce exam, or other practice, as deemed appropriate to verify the integrity of the piece of assessment concerned.  The Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

3.3.7.3 Online Moodle Examinations (non-Proctored)

Refer also to DBS QAH Part B Section 5.10.7 Online Exams Policy

.

Where exams are conducted online via Moodle but without online proctoring instituted, they are considered to be effectively openbook exams. Learners' Moodle activity is monitored and any irregularities investigated. Exam times, logins and cut-offs are strictly monitored to ensure no unfair advantage is gained by students. Where concerns about the integrity of an exam arises, DBS reserves the right to investigate through comparison of previous work, viva voce exam, or other practice, as deemed appropriate to verify the integrity of the piece of assessment concerned.  The Quality Assurance Officer will communicate with the learner regarding the next steps in the process.

3.3.8 Suspected Academic Impropriety in Grading of Learner Assessments

Any examiner/ assessor who suspects Academic Impropriety must report such suspicions to the Exams Manager or Quality Assurance Officer. In making such a report the examiner is required to provide:

- A copy of the learner submission.
- The mark sheet and feedback for the learner based on marking as normal.

- Copies of all relevant evidence/documentation supporting the suspicion, to include any source material and the Ouriginal (Urkund) report (where applicable).
- A completed copy of the DBS Academic Impropriety Form, giving reasons for the suspicion. The link to the Academic Impropriety form can be located in the Additional Documents section of this policy.

This information should be provided as soon as the suspected Academic Impropriety is identified, to allow for appropriate investigatory action and possible disciplinary proceedings in advance of the examinations and/or Examination Boards.

Each learner is entitled to the presumption of innocence and therefore the assessment is marked as normal. The grade and feedback will not be released until such time as the allegation has been investigated and an outcome determined on the balance of probability.

Where suspicion arises due to a report from text comparison software (such as Ouriginal/ Urkund), the lecturer must first have reviewed and interpreted the report and made an informed judgement on whether or not it appears Academic Impropriety may have occurred .

It is important for both learners and lecturers to note that text comparison software such as Ouriginal (Urkund) is only an indicative tool. Properly referenced quotations and bibliographies will be identified by the software, and the software may not identify all sources/resources. Therefore, there is no absolute percentage of similarity that is 'acceptable'. A high percentage is obviously of concern, but a single paragraph that is completely plagiarised is as unacceptable as a larger piece of writing. It is the learner's responsibility to ens ure assessments are their own work, and lecturers ' responsibility to assess this:

- Learners should not rely on the Ouriginal (Urkund) similarity percentage to assess 'acceptability' of an assignment.
- Examiners/lecturers may not submit cases of suspected Academic Impropriety based on Ouriginal (Urkund) percentage alone where this has not been properly interrogated.

A learner or learners must be made aware of any suspicion and of any proceedings where a matter is being investigated. Notification should be in writing from the QA Officer, normally via e-mail. The learner will be notified of their rights and provided with a link to, or a copy of, the policy and procedure along with any source material identified in cases of suspected plagiarism.

Each learner has a right to submit a statement of defence (a 'Written Submission'), or make a request to attend the formal deliberating committee in respect of a case brought against them.

Learners attending a meeting are permitted to bring a friend or relative who is not a legal representative to the meeting to support them. Should a learner choose not to submit a defence or participate in the process, the Committee is authorised to proceed.

Learners are advised that the deliberating committee is required to determine if, on the balance of probability, impropriety occurred or not.

Where suspicion arises through the academic judgement and experience of the lecturer in reviewing the learner's submission, the lecturer may request that a viva voce be held in place of a sitting of the Academic Impropriety Committee. The form of this viva will depend upon the nature of the assessment, such that a technical demonstration may be held for Computing assessments.

3.3.9 Cases referred for a viva voce

DBS reserves the right to carry out a viva voce examination for any summative assessment. A viva voce is an opportunity the learner to orally defend their submitted assessment. DBS may institute a viva voce examination in the case where clarification is required regarding some element or elements of the written piece of work. The scope of a viva examination can include:

- Confirming to the satisfaction of the panel that the submission is the learner's own original work.
- Verifying the authenticity of the research.
- Establishing that the learner is aware of the wider research field related to their dissertation topic.
- Demonstrating detailed understanding of the content of the written submission.

The panel has the authority to confirm a pass or fail mark, or a finding that Academic Impropriety has occurred, based upon the strength of the oral defence. In cases where a large disparity between a strong written submission and a poor oral defence occurs, the panel may refer the case to the Disciplinary Committee with an accompanying report; the report will also be provided to the student in advance of the Disciplinary Committee hearing. The Disciplinary Committee will impose a penalty based on the severity of the case as detailed in the report provided by the panel. The Disciplinary Committee will not revisit the case itself, the remit of the committee is to impose a minor or major penalty and provide that outcome to the student in a timely fashion.

3.3.10  Potential Outcomes (Cases referred to the Academic Impropriety Committee)

The Academic Impropriety Committee convenes several times throughout the academic year. The purpose of the committee is to assess if Academic Impropriety has occurred in cases put before it. In cases proven to constitute Academic Impropriety, the Committee has the authority to impose an

appropriate penalty. The Committee membership comprises the QA Officer, members of academic faculty, library staff, and a learner-support representative. The quorum is four.

Penalties

The Academic Impropriety Committee has the authority to impose any or all of the following penalties:

- A mark of 0% applied alongside the requirement to repeat the assessment. The repeat will carry an automatic repeat fee of €250.
- The module mark capped at a maximum of 40%. If at Award Stage, the final award may be capped as a pass award.
- The learner may be obliged to attend and complete the DBS Library Service course on Academic Writing and present their confirmation of completion to the Exams Manager within 4 weeks.
- The learner may be required to sit the repeat assessment in person on the DBS campus.
- The learner may be required to sit specific future assessments, as specified by the committee, in person on the DBS campus (e.g. high stakes assessments).
- Any subsequent capstone modules (e.g. project or dissertation) to require a Viva .
- The finding of Academic Impropriety recorded on the learner's transcript.

As standard the first two penalties are applied as an absolute minimum to cases upheld.

Any instances of a second or subsequent similar offence, regardless of programme framework level, or where a first offence is deemed to have been a serious enough contravention of the Academic Impropriety Policy, the Committee has the authority to impose additional penalties up to and including:

- Suspension of the learner from the College for a Semester
- Permanent expulsion of the learner from the College

The QA Officer will notify learners of the outcome or decision within five working days of the sitting of the committee.

3.3.11  Faculty Academic Integrity

DBS Faculty and staff are required to demonstrate and be committed to the highest standards of academic integrity. The College recognises the role of faculty and College personnel in rolemodelling and demonstrating positive ethical and academic practices for learners, and therefore consider breaches of academic integrity and ethics to be violations of contractual obligations of their role.

Examples of academic misconduct or negligence in the management of assessments can include:

,nwarranted bias in making assessment decisions;
- Revealing information about examination questions to students where this is supposed to be unknown by students in advance;
- Accepting bribes to influence assessment decisions;
- Invalidating an assessment by teaching to the test;
- Failing to exercise due diligence in checking for and investigating or (when appropriate) referring breaches in academic integrity.

Examples of academic misconduct in the delivery of teaching content can include:

- Over-reliance on external sources of lecture material;
- Failure to appropriately attribute sources of lecture material;
- Circulating copyright-restricted material, such as articles, books or other media, outside of the parameters of the relevant copyright restrictions of such material;
- Contributing to essay- or assignment-writing services for an external service or other third parties;
- Enabling access to learner communities for essay-writing services;
- Deliberately withholding information regarding specific arguments or theories out of a personal bias, where the argument or theory has general acceptance in the mainstream discourse.

Breaches of academic integrity and ethical principles will be managed within the College's Faculty Management or Human Resources policies and procedures with respect to the nature of the incident.

3.3.12  Suspected Assessment Design Invalidation in Academic Integrity Reviews

In the course of investigating cases of suspected academic impropriety, the Academic Impropriety Committee may identify an assessment which may have been invalidated in its deployment, due to factors such as the misuse of generative artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies, or the compromised deployment of an assessment. The Committee may come to this conclusion where a significant portion of a cohort undertaking the assessment are brought in for review for potential academic misconduct, or where the particulars of a case might shed light on aspects of an assessment deployment that were not in alignmen t with the assessment strategy or College's assessment principles.

The mechanism by which an assessment suspected of being invalidated should be escalated is set out in QAH Section B.5.1.12.1.

Where a learner has been found to have academic impropriety before the Committee escalates an assessment of concern to the programme team, and the identification of the suitable mitigation for the assessment deployment, the academic impropriety finding rem ains on the learner's record. The outcome of the review of the assessment design and its mitigation may determine it appropriate to remove any findings of academic impropriety from those learners' records. In such cases, while the academic impropriety reco rd is removed from the learner's record, a record of the outcome will remain in the Committee's tracker, for reporting purposes and where a second impropriety finding may require consideration by the Committee.

3.3.13  Right of Appeal

DBS recognises the importance of clear complaints and appeals processes. A learner may appeal a decision or finding of the Academic Impropriety Committee or viva voce panel and/or any penalty imposed. See the DBS Appeal Policy for full details. The DBS Appeals Policy can be located in QAH Part B Section 3.5.

3.3.14  Additional Documents

- Appendix B.3.3.1 Policy Statement on Generative AI (GenAI)
- Generative Artificial Intelligence guidelines: https://students.dbs.ie/qualityassurance/genai
- Appendix B.3.3.2 Academic Integrity Lexicon
- Academic Impropriety Form:

https://dublinbusinessschool.formstack.com/forms/ai\_reporting\_form

3.3.14  Schematic of Academic Impropriety Process

Figure 1: Schematic of the Academic Impropriety Process



3.4 Complaints Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B



Document Name                          Complaints Policy                                                                                                                       
------------------------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 014                                                                                                                                     
Version Reference                      v2.2                                                                                                                                    
Document Owner                         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      QA Officer, Heads of Department                                                                                                         
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmes, Professional Programmes, Kaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ) 
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board                                                                                                                      
Approval date                          04/04/2021, v2.2 02/03/2023                                                                                                             
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/2019                                                                                                                              
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                           
Revision History/ Amalgamation History N/A                                                                                                                                     
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                           
References/ Supporting Documentation   • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines , Section 5.2, ' Teaching and Learning '. 7                               

3.4.1 Policy Overview

The DBS Complaints policy attempts to lay out processes in order to resolve complaints or issues to the mutual satisfaction of the complainant and the individual, service or department against which the Complaint or issue is being made.

3.4.2 Policy Statement

This policy is applicable to all DBS provision and all programmes leading to QQI awards, and is based upon transparency and fairness. This policy should be referenced by all learners or staff who wish to submit a complaint.

The policy is based upon transparency and fairness. This policy outlines a series of steps required to resolve complaints or issues to the mutual satisfaction of the complainant and the individual, service or department against which the complaint is being made. DBS commits to timely, transparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework.

7 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

The DBS Complaints policy reflects the principles of natural justice and cognisant of the dignity of the persons involved. Natural justice protects against arbitrary exercise of power by ensuring equal treatment and fair play. It ensures that no decision is valid if it was influenced by any other interest or bias and where the opposing party has not been afforded a full right of response. For this reason, anonymous complaints will not be considered.

All parties are advised that in making a complaint, it is expected that they themselves have complied with the requirements of the student Code of Conduct in relation to the matter concerned. It is also expected that Complaints will not be of a vexatious nature or for the purpose of personal gain.

Most complaints are capable of being resolved on an informal basis without recourse to the formal Complaints procedure. The College accepts that there might be instances that necessitate immediate engagement of formal action in response to a complaint.

DBS is committed to ensuring that:

1. Complaints are handled in a fair, transparent, timely and sensitive manner, with due recognition of the dignity and confidentiality of the persons involved.
2. Learners will not be disadvantaged by making a complaint.
3. Complaints are handled in a cooperative manner, with every effort being made to arrive at a solution by consensus among the relevant parties.
4. Complaints that impact on the assessment process, but are not directly concerned with the process, will not interfere with a learner's normal right to appeal the result of an examination.
5. The reputation and professional integrity of DBS staff and learners will be safeguarded by ensuring that complaints are dealt with in a confidential manner and are resolved to the mutual satisfaction of all parties concerned, as far as is possible.
6. Complaints that are proved to be malicious or vexatious will result in disciplinary action being taken against the complainant and other possible sanctions may arise, including the possible referral of the matter to the Gardai.
7. The principles of natural justice are applied when dealing with complaints:
8. o All parties to a complaint have the right to be heard and represented or accompanied by a friend, family member or colleague at all meetings held in relation to the complaint.
9. o The person against which a complaint is made is entitled to a right to respond to all allegations.
10. o DBS does not engage with legal representatives as part of the complaints process.

- o Any hearings or meetings will be undertaken by an independent staff member, without bias.
- o Minutes will be taken of all formal meetings and records are maintained in accordance with the College 's policy on records retention.

This complaints policy applies to all students of DBS and in respect of any service they receive from the College with the exception of academic appeals. Academic appeals should be conducted in line with the Academic Appeals Policy. The complaints procedure is not intended as a further avenue of appeal in the event that an academic appeal is not upheld.

Complaints usually fall into the following categories:

- Issues regarding learning activities
- Issues regarding academic or support services
- Issues regarding facilities
- Difficulties with a member of staff
- Difficulties with an enrolled learner

Issues regarding assessment are covered under the Policies on Assessment in the QAH Part B Section 5 .

3.4.3 Submitting a Complaint: Timeframe and Requirements

- Any complaint should be raised within 14 days of the alleged incident, matter or concern.
- All complaints received will normally be acknowledged within 5 working days of receipt.
- The person or department against whom the complaint (formal or informal) is made will normally be notified within 5 working days that a complaint has been made.
- All parties will be notified of the steps the College are taking, whether an investigation is being undertaken or whether and when meetings are to be convened.
- Anonymous complaints will not be accepted.
- In some instances, where the basis of a Complaint against a learner can be reasonably corroborated and is of sufficient severity, the Complaint may be escalated directly to a Disciplinary.

Procedure for Informal Complaints

It is expected that all complaints should be considered informally in the first instance.  This can be directly with the learner and relevant person or department, or facilitated by the Class Representative, Student Services, Module Leader, Academic Director or relevant manager.

Where complaints are made as a group these should addressed through a Class Representative or agreed spokesperson.

In order to initiate an informal complaint, the complainant is advised to directly contact the subject of their complaint or the manager responsible for the service. This can be carried out directly with the complainant and relevant person or department, or facilitated by the Class Representative, Student Services, Module Leader, Academic Director or relevant manager.

Initial informal action can be initiated in writing but will not be considered a formal written complaint at this stage. No formal record will be retained.

In some cases, where appropriate, the Academic Director or relevant department manager may also communicate with the complainant and the subject of the complaint (if applicable) if it will assist the informal resolution of the complaint.

If the matter is not resolved satisfactorily through informal discussions, the complainant can seek to raise a formal complaint.

Procedure for Formal Complaints

Formal complaints should be lodged through the online Complaint/Feedback Form (linked HERE ), and any supporting documentation should be lodged with the School Administrative Officer directly via schooladminofficer@dbs.ie .

Once initial contact has been made the School Administrative Officer will advise of the following:

- The requirement to put the complaint in writing using the relevant form .
- The right of the subject of the complaint to receive notification of the nature of the allegations made, a copy of the complaint and the details of the complainant.
- The requirement that the complainant is in a position to stand over all allegations and provide evidence to support the complaint.
- The complainant's right to representation.
- Reassurance that there will be no detrimental impact on a learner for invoking the complaints procedure.

All complaints received should be evidence-based and factual. The complaint must detail the complainant's name and contact details, any relevant documentation, dates, locations and witnesses as appropriate. Any previous efforts to resolve the matter should also be noted.

When received, the School Administrative Officer will catalogue the complaint including details of the date received, the identity of the complainant, the nature of the complaint and the individual(s) and or department(s) against which the complaint is made.

The School Administrative Officer will forward the complaint to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, who will acknowledge receipt of the complaint and contact an appropriate manager to investigate the complaint, if appropriate.

Where the complaint relates to the actions or activities of the Academic Operations Department, the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations will undertake the role of investigating manager.

Where the complaint is made against the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, the School Administrative Officer will forward the complaint to the Academic Dean or the Head of Student Experience, who will appoint an appropriate manager to investigate the complaint.

3.4.4 Investigation of a Formal Complaint

Upon submission of a formal complaint to the School Administrative Officer, and the appointment of an appropriate investigating manager, the investigating manager will, where applicable, advise the person who is the subject of the complaint and provide that person with details of the nature of the allegations.

Investigation Discussions

The investigating manager can arrange to meet with the complainant and the subject of the complaint to establish facts and seek clarification. This can take place by telephone, e-mail or faceto-face. Importantly, the investigating manager is not authorised to give a viewpoint nor a decision relating to the complaint .

Any party involved in a complaint is entitled to be accompanied by a friend, fellow student or family member who is not a legal representative or advocate. Where the complainant or subject of the complaint wishes to be accompanied, the corresponding discussion must take place face-to-face.

Where the discussion is to take place face-to-face, the investigating manager may be accompanied by a note taker so that an accurate record can be created.

Such meetings can include:

- Meeting the complainant to discuss the complaint.
- Meeting the subject of the complaint, where applicable and appropriate in the view of the investigating manager.
- Interviews of any potential witnesses.

A summary of the discussions should be documented and e-mailed to all those involved in the meeting to ensure transparency. Matters of factual inaccuracy may then be identified and corrected. Reponses should normally be received within 5 working days.

Where two or more parties disagree on the record of the meeting, the conflicting versions of events should be documented and retained.

Upon completion of the investigation into the facts, the investigating manager will compile a report summarising the actions taken as part of the investigation, including a summary of the main findings and the evidence available to inform the decision-making process.

The investigating manager, having considered all the available evidence, will determine the matter following the compilation of their investigation report, and after consulting with appropriate stakeholders. The potential outcomes are:

- The outcome of the investigation confirms there is sufficient evidence to accept the complaint, and the complaint is upheld.
- The outcome of the investigation confirms that there is insufficient evidence to accept the complaint, which is dismissed.
- The outcome of the investigation determines that there is insufficient evidence to form a definitive conclusion, due to an inconclusive element.

If the investigating manager determines that the matter is more complex or that further consideration of the issues in dispute is necessary, the investigating manager will convene a Complaints Committee within 10 working days of the compilation of their report.

3.4.5 Complaints Committee

The investigating manager may convene a Complaints Committee to review the findings of the investigation. Membership of the Complaints Committee is subject to the nature of the complaint and the parties involved, but would ordinarily comprise of the investigating manager, sitting as Chair, alongside one other departmental manager and a member of the academic lecturing staff. The School Administrative Officer acts as Secretary to the Committee.

Where necessary and appropriate, to ensure fair process and informed decision-making, alternative members of staff, student representatives or an external expert may be requested to sit on the Committee.

The investigating manager is required to present the investigation to the Complaints Committee and provide clarification on any points raised. The complainant is not required to attend a hearing of the Complaints Committee, but the complainant may be contacted by the investigating manager for further clarification where required.

The Complaints Committee will meet, including remotely if the investigating manager considers this appropriate, to discuss the findings and to arrive at a fair decision.

The Complaints Committee is required to decide a complaint based on the investigating manager's report and any additional evidence presented. The potential outcomes are:

- The outcome of the investigation confirms there is sufficient evidence to accept the complaint, and the complaint is upheld.
- The outcome of the investigation confirms that there is insufficient evidence to accept the complaint, which is dismissed.
- The outcome of the investigation determines that there is insufficient evidence to form a definitive conclusion, due to an inconclusive element.

3.4.6 Determination and Notification of a Complaint

Where a Complaints Committee is not convened, due to the nature of the complaint, the investigating manager will determine the outcome of a complaint. In reaching a decision, where the complaint is upheld, the investigating manager is required to set out the subsequent action or options to be afforded to the learner.

Where a Complaints Committee is convened by the investigating manager, the Complaints Committee should arrive at a majority decision of the Committee. Where there is an even number of votes cast for both sides the Chair will invoke the right to a final casting vote. This is in addition to the Chair's own vote as a member of the Complaints Committee.

In reaching a decision, where the complaint is upheld, the Committee is required to agree on the subsequent action or options to be afforded to the learner.

The School Administrative Officer, or the investigating manager (as appropriate), will formally respond, in writing, to both parties to inform them of the findings of the investigation, any decisions made, the reason for the decision(s) and any subsequent action(s) to be taken, where appropriate. The communication of the outcome may take more than 14 days. The College will endeavour to

complete any investigation within no more than 30 days, subject to the nature of the case in question.

A copy of all correspondence, along with the investigation report and evidence, will be lodged with the School Executive Administrator and where applicable may be forwarded to Human Resources.

Where the result of the complaint includes consequent action or recommendations, the School Administrative Officer or the investigating manager (as appropriate) shall notify the appropriate person(s) or committee(s), without undue delay.

It should be noted that there can be instances where it is not possible for a decision to be reached and the College will attempt to provide further clarity to the student issuing the complaint while also providing guidance to the subject of the complaint in an attempt to prevent a recurrence of such incidents.

Both the complainant and the subject of the complaint should each be notified of their right to appeal.

3.4.7 The Right to Appeal a Complaint Outcome (a Petition)

Any party wishing to appeal the decision of the investigating manager or a Complaints Committee can do so by submitting a Petition to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or the appropriate nominee. Where a nominee is appointed the complainant will be notified of this and the identity of the nominee. This is distinct from the Appeals Process outlined in the QAH Part B Section 3.5. For ACCA learners, having exhausted the internal DBS Complaints process, they can escalate the complaint to ACCA and if in disagreement with the outcome can escalate to the appropriate regulator 8 .

Any Petition should be submitted within 5 working days of the decision of the investigating manager or the finding of the Complaints Committee being communicated.

Grounds for appealing the outcome must be clearly outlined in the Petition submission.

Valid grounds for this appeal can relate only to the processes and procedures followed at the previous stages.  Disagreement with the outcome of the complaint process or a request for a

8 If an ACCA learner has exhausted both Dublin Business School's complaints process and ACCA's, they can escalate to the appropriate regulator. Details of which can be found on the ACCA website at the following link: https://www.accaglobal.com/gb/en/footer-toolbar/contact-us/unhappy.html

rehearing do not constitute valid grounds for a Petition. As such, the Petition does not normally involve reconsideration of the original complaint and new evidence is not normally accepted at this stage.

The Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, or appropriate nominee, will determine whether or not a Petition shall be heard. The decision will be communicated to the petitioner normally within 5 working days post the Petition deadline.

If a Petition is granted the right to proceed, the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee will appoint an appropriate hearing panel. This will be scheduled at the earliest opportunity and normally not more than 14 working days after the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee has confirmed a hearing will take place.

Any party to the Petition, including Complaints Committee members, may be invited to attend the panel meeting, depending upon the nature/ basis of the Petition, or where the hearing panel deems this to be necessary. Attending parties are entitled to be accompanied by a family member, friend or colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The petitioner and other parties involved in the Petition are entitled to a record of the hearing and a record of the decision reached at the hearing. Where required some information may be redacted in accordance with data protection legislation.

The outcome of the Petition will be communicated to the petitioner and other parties at the earliest opportunity.

No further right of appeal is available once the hearing panel has met and determined the outcome.

3.4.8 Reporting and Recording Complaints

A list of formal complaints managed under this process will be maintained by the School Administrative Officer.

A summary report, detailing the number of complaints, the nature and focus of the complaint, the outcome of the investigation and any corrective action recommended will be submitted to the Academic Board at the end of each academic year.

Where applicable the outcome of complaints received will also be provided for consideration by the Senior Leadership Team which is responsible for addressing areas of common concern and ensuring appropriate intervention(s) and/ or corrective actions at institution level to reduce the likelihood of recurrence.

3.4.9 Schematic of the Complaints Process

Figure 2: Schematic of the Complaints Process



3.4.10  Appeal and Complaints Process Flow

The process flow outlined below details the required steps and decision points with regard to this policy. Learners are advised to fully familiarise themselves with the required steps and procedures, and locate the required forms on the College website.

Figure 3: Appeals and Complaints Process Flow



3.5 Appeals Policy



Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B   Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
-------------------------
Document Name                             Appeals Policy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         
Policy Document Number                    013                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Version Reference                         v2.1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   
Document Owner                            QA Officer                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, Assistant Registrar, Heads of Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  
Applicability                             All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmes, Professional Programmes, Kaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
Approved by                               Academic Board &QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Approval date                             23/07/19, v2.1 02/03/2023                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              
Date Policy Becomes Active                18/09/19                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               
Revision Cycle                            A minimum of every five years                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
Revision History/ Amalgamation History    N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    
Additional Information                    Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          
References/ Supporting Documentation      • ENQA (2015) Standards and Guidelines for Quality Assurance in the European Higher Education Area (ESG ) (2015), Part 1, Guideline 1.3, 'Student - Centred Learning, Teaching and Assessment' . 9 • QQI (2022) Assessment and Standards, Revised 2022 , Section 2.1.1.4g and Section 4.10. 10 • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance Guidelines , Section 2.6, ' Assessment of Learners ' . 11 

3.5.1 Policy Overview

DBS recognises that learners are entitled to the right of appeal against a decision of a lower-level decision-making authority by making a request to a higher one. This policy aims to facilitate such requests from learners and to further provide a mechanism to have grievances and complaints investigated, to a fair and adequate conclusion.

3.5.2 Policy Statement

Any learners on programmes leading to QQI awards, and any learner on a non-accredited programme may seek an appeal. This policy should be referenced by all learners who wish to submit an appeal. All appeals and decisions must be evidence based.

9 https://enqa.eu/wp-content/uploads/2015/11/ESG\_2015.pdf

10 https://www.qqi.ie/sites/default/files/2022-09/assessment\_and\_standards-revised-2022.pdf

11 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

This policy should be referenced when submitting an appeal against:

- An assessment decision (as an appeal or verification of results).
- A programme or module deferral decision.
- A decision regarding a request for Personal Mitigating Circumstances to be applied for an assessment or assessments.
- A decision/finding of the Academic Impropriety Committee.
- A decision/finding of Disciplinary Committee.
- Required withdrawal of a learner from a programme of study.

This policy does not apply to appeals against Admissions or Programme Deferral Request decisions by the Admissions team during a programme application. These appeals must be directed in writing to the Chief Commercial Officer -see QAH Part B Section 1.4.7.

The Academic Appeals Policy does not apply to appeals against a finding of the Complaints Committee. Such an appeal is outlined in the Complaints Policy as 'submitting a Petition', and is detailed in Section 3.6.7 below.

This policy is founded upon the principles of transparency and fairness and recognises a learner's right to question a decision-making authority within DBS. This policy outlines a series of steps required to fulfil these processes. Learners are also advised to view the Additional Documents section of this policy for additional relevant links. DBS commits to the timely, transparent and fair resolution of issues within a supportive framework.

Overall responsibility for the academic appeals process rests with the Academic Board. The Academic Board delegates responsibility to the Exams Manager or the Quality Assurance (QA) Officer to consider grounds for an appeal, and convening an Appeals Committee made up of appropriate senior DBS personnel.

3.5.3 Submitting an Appeal: Timeframe and Requirements

Any appeal must be submitted by the specified appeal date which will have been determined previously by the initial decision-making committee. Ordinarily, the timeframes to submit an appeal would be within 10 days of the communication of the decision or release of results to a learner.

An Appeal Form must be submitted and accompanied by a detailed written submission and supporting documentation (if appropriate). A link to the Appeals Form can be found in the Current Students area of the College website, and is attached to this policy under Additional Documentation.

Appeals submitted without a detailed written submission or for which the fee has not been paid, will be rejected. It is the learner's responsibility to ensure that an Appeal Form and all accompanying documentation is lodged fully and correctly.

It is important to note that additional appeal opportunities and requests for an extension of an appeal deadline will not be granted.

3.5.3.1 Appeal Fees

Appeals against assessment results must also include evidence of payment of the relevant fee per module. Payments can be made online, by telephone or at Reception. Learners are reminded to include the payment reference number on all submitted documentation.

Learners will not be entitled to a refund if an appeal application is rejected.

Learners will be entitled to a refund of the appeal fees if an appeal results in a learner's mark being increased. The fee for that specific appeal will be refunded. Where multiple marks are appealed at any one time, only those resulting in an upgrade will be refunded.

3.5.4 Grounds for Appeal

An appeal submission must specify the grounds on which the appeal is requested, and must contain all information that the learner wishes to have taken into account. The Appeal Form, the detailed written submission and any accompanying documentation, must be submitted to the Quality Assurance Officer through the Service Desk , using the correct Appeal Form. No matter will be considered in the absence of a correctly submitted Appeal Form. In addition, the nature of the appeal must be clearly identified in the correct field on the form. Learners are further advised that a request for a rehearing is not valid grounds for an appeal.

3.5.4.1 Academic Judgement and the Assessment Process

Learners are advised that a request for a rehearing is not valid grounds for an appeal. Assessment decisions are made within the internal and external moderation processes, and a request for a regrading is not valid grounds for an appeal. Learners are advised to avail of the Verification Request process to confirm the accuracy of a grade (see the Quality Assurance Handbook Part B Section 5.9), or review feedback from an examiner to understand the basis of a grade awarded.

While the Appeal process may result in an amendment to an assessment outcome, disagreement with the academic judgement of an examiner is not valid grounds for an appeal. It is rather a recognition that extraneous or disclosed circumstances make it appropriate to change the final decision in respect of a particular learner's performance.

Disagreement with a decision is also not considered grounds for an appeal.

Appeals which question the academic judgement of examiners shall not be admissible.

The only permissible grounds for an appeal are:

- The learner believes that there was a substantive irregularity in the College's procedures or regulations and/or in the manner in which those procedures or regulations were executed by the original decision-making committee.
- The learner believes there was a substantive irregularity in the Assignment brief or the Examination Paper or in the assessment process.
- The learner believes that there were mitigating or other circumstances which the College was not aware of when its decision was taken, and valid reasons why this was not and could not be communicated to the College in advance to the decision being made.

The Quality Assurance Officer will receive all appeal applications and ensure that they have complied with submission requirements. The Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager in conjunction with the Quality Assurance Officer will consider the appeal and the grounds on which it is sought.

Where the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager has chaired any of the prior proceedings connected to an appeal they cannot be involved in the appeal, and an appropriate replacement nominee will be appointed.

3.5.5 Presentation of New Evidence

Where the learner wishes to present new evidence, this must be identified and presented at the point of applying for an appeal. Beyond this point, new evidence not identified will not be considered by the Appeals Committee unless exceptional circumstances are identified, and these are accepted at the Chair's discretion.

Learners are reminded that evidence of Personal Mitigating Circumstances (PMC) is reasonably expected to have been presented in advance or at the time of the original decision. The Appeals Committee will only consider a late declaration as grounds for appeal where there are valid reasons for non-disclosure at an earlier stage and must be accompanied with:

- Evidence that confirms that the circumstances were present during the period under consideration.

and

- Evidence to show why the learner was unable to disclose at an earlier time, or valid reasons as to why this could not be disclosed earlier.

An unwillingness to disclose, a lack of appreciation/awareness of the potential impact of personal circumstances, or a lack of knowledge of the regulations are not considered as valid justifications for a failure to submit evidence at the time of the event. Nor will they justify a late submission of a PMC evidence.

For a claim of valid reasons for non-disclosure to be accepted, it is normally expected that the circumstances themselves were exceptionally serious, or had an exceptionally serious impact on the learner, and there were substantial reasons why the learner was unable or unwilling to disclose them at the time.

Medical or other professional certification must confirm that the learner attended the relevant professional appointment(s) during the period under consideration for the circumstances outlined. Post-dated certification will not normally be considered. The dates of attendance must be stated by the professional along with verification of the circumstances claimed.

3.5.6 The Handling of an Appeal Application

The QA Officer in conjunction with the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager will consider each application to determine whether there are grounds for appeal. Where the appeal is of a decision in which the QA Officer was involved (such as an Academic Impropriety investigation), the alternative QA Officer or suitable nominee will facilitate the review process.

An application for appeal will be rejected outright where it is considered that there are no identifiable grounds or where the appeal deadline was not adhered to. Where an appeal application is rejected outright, the QA Officer will notify the learner of this outcome and the fact that there is no further right of appeal. In such cases the process concludes at this point. Learners will not be entitled to a refund if an appeal application is rejected outright.

Where the Assistant Registrar or the Exams Manager or QA Officer believes that there are grounds for an appeal, a verification process is undertaken. The Exams Office will conduct a review of the learner's result. The review ensures that the result published by the College is free of any errors of fact.  Learners are advised that an appeal of an assessment decision may result in the confirmation, the uplift or the downgrading of the initial result/decision.

3.5.7 The Appeals Committee

Where a learner has been found to have valid grounds for appeal and the verification process identifies anomalies or discrepancies in process, an Appeals Committee is convened in order to determine the appropriate actions arising.

The Appeals Committee should aim to reach a majority decision. Where there is an even number of votes cast for both sides the Chair will invoke the right to a final casting vote. This is in addition to the Chair's vote as a member.

3.5.8 Notification of the Outcome of an Appeal

The QA Officer will notify the learner in writing of the decision of the Appeal Committee and, where applicable, any subsequent action required. Where an appeal is upheld, the Chair, through the QA Officer, will notify the relevant departments of the outcome, along with any actions arising.

Where the appeal relates to an award and certification has been requested from QQI, the Exams Manager will take responsibility for updating that request.

3.5.9 The Conclusion of the Appeals Process

A decision of the Appeals Committee of the Academic Board is final. Once the Appeals Committee has declared its decision, the Appeals process concludes.

Learners are advised that, as per QQI Assessments and Standards, Revised 2013 , QQI does not have a role to play in a learner's appeal of the provider's assessment decisions.

Where an appeal fee has been paid and the appeal outcome results in a learner's mark being increased, the fee for that specific appeal will be refunded. Where multiple marks are appealed at any one time, only those resulting in an upgrade will be refunded.

DBS is committed to ensuring that all decisions pertaining to assessment are fair and that learners have access to clear consistent and comprehensible appeals procedures.

3.5.10  Dissatisfaction with the Outcome of the Appeal Process and lodging a Complaint

If a learner is dissatisfied with the outcome of the appeals processes and believes that the procedures have been conducted improperly then she/he has a right to submit a Petition to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations in writing to quality@dbs.ie within 5 working days of the announcement of the decision. Complaints regarding the outcome of an Appeal are distinct from the process outlined in the DBS QAH Complaints Policy in Section 3.6 .

Valid grounds for a Petition can relate only to the processes and procedures followed at the previous stages. Any Petition regarding the outcome of an Appeal is not a re-opening of the appeal, and the learner must provide reasonable evidence of procedural impropriety. Disagreement with the outcome of the Appeal process or a request for a rehearing do not constitute valid grounds for a Petition. Grounds for submitting a Petition against the Appeal outcome must be clearly outlined in the Petition submission.

Learners must ensure that the completed Petition (which should include full details of the Petition) is submitted by the published deadline. If any relevant supporting documentation is not available at this time, this should be indicated in the written submission and supplied within a maximum of 10 working days. Learners should be aware that after this time their Petition will be considered without reference to outstanding supplementary evidence.

The Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, or appropriate nominee, will determine whether or not a Petition shall be heard. The decision will be communicated to the petitioner normally within 5 working days post the Petition deadline. If a Petition is granted the right to proceed, the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee will appoint an appropriate hearing panel. This will be scheduled at the earliest opportunity and normally not more than 14 working days after the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee has confirmed a hearing will take place.

Any party to the Petition, including Complaints Committee members, may be invited to attend the panel meeting, depending upon the nature/ basis of the Petition, or where the hearing panel deems this to be necessary. Attending parties are entitled to be accompanied by a family member, friend or colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The petitioner and other parties involved in the Petition are entitled to a record of the hearing and a record of the decision reached at the hearing. Where required some information may be redacted in accordance with data protection legislation.

The outcome of the Petition will be communicated to the petitioner and other parties at the earliest opportunity. Following a decision from DBS, the learner must be formally notified that they have exhausted all procedures of the College and that the matter is now closed. No further right of appeal is available once the hearing panel has met and determined the outcome.

3.5.11  Schematic of the Appeals Process

Figure 4: Schematic of the Appeals Process



3.6 Disciplinary Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B

Document Name                          Disciplinary Policy                                                                                                                     
------------------------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 012                                                                                                                                     
Version Reference                      v2.2                                                                                                                                    
Document Owner                         Registrar and Director of Campus Operations                                                                                             
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      QA Officer, Assistant Registrar, Exams Manager, Heads of Department, Head of Student Services                                           
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Study Abroad modules from NFQ programmes, Professional Programmes, Kaplan Professional Awards (English RFQ) 
Approved by                            DBS Academic Board& QQI                                                                                                                 
Approval date                          23/07/19, v2.1 07/12/2021, v2.2 02/03/2023                                                                                              
Date Policy Becomes Active             18/09/19                                                                                                                                
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                                                           
Revision History/ Amalgamation History N/A                                                                                                                                     
Additional Information                 Active date will be following approval by QQI                                                                                           
References/ Supporting Documentation   • QQI (2016) Core Statutory Quality Assurance (QA) Guidelines , Section 2.5, 'Teaching and Learning'. 12                                



3.6.1 Policy Overview

DBS learners are responsible for their own actions, behaviours and decision-making. However, in order to ensure a respectful environment conducive to learning and development, DBS further imposes minimum standards of conduct that are expected of all learners. This is reflected in the Learner Code of Conduct, hereafter referred to as the Code. The Learner Code of Conduct is laid out in Section 3.2 above. This Disciplinary Policy sets out DBS's general approach to managing discipline and suspected breaches of the Code.

3.6.2 Policy Statement

The DBS Disciplinary policy is applicable to all learners, whether they are enrolled on an accredited or a non-accredited programme.

Learners are advised that any breach of the Code may be considered a disciplinary offence and be subject to disciplinary action as outlined in this policy. Where an allegation of misconduct is upheld, appropriate sanctions will be applied up to and including the requirement to withdraw from the

12 https://www.qqi.ie/Downloads/Core%20Statutory%20Quality%20Assurance%20Guidelines.pdf

College and the programme with no entitlement to full or partial refund. Additionally, any repeat of misconduct by an individual following disciplinary action may result in immediate suspension or expulsion, in particular with respect to major offences under the code of conduct. Where the College believes there is a risk to an individual or individuals in the College, whether students or staff, arising from the conduct of a learner, the College reserves the right to suspend studies and/or attendance on campus.

DBS reserves the right to suspend a learner pending investigation when it is in receipt of an allegation of a breach of the Code of Conduct or a formal complaint that has been escalated to disciplinary action. In all such cases, the investigation will be processed as a priority. The College is not liable for any delay in the completion of a programme of study for any learner who is suspended pending an investigation where a reasonable and justifiable decision to suspend is acted upon.

In the interest of all parties, these procedures will be invoked as soon as possible and concluded as quickly as possible. Due consideration must be given to timings of assessments and examinations and the Board of Examiners meeting.

3.6.2.1 Escalation and Representation

Where appropriate and feasible, the College will seek to resolve any breach of the Code of Conduct without the requirement to invoke formal disciplinary proceedings. In such cases, learners are required to meet with the appropriate manager or department head to discuss the concerns and, if necessary, agree on the steps required to avoid any future recurrence.

However, it is accepted that there may be instances that necessitate immediate engagement of formal disciplinary proceedings in which case the procedure set out below will apply.

The College will not normally engage with legal representatives or advocates as part of the implementation of this policy. This is an internal procedure for the purpose of managing learner conduct and does not and will not normally include dialogue with or between legal representatives of either or all parties.

However, where the College considers that matters of a criminal nature are likely to have occurred, the College can refer the matter to An Garda Síochána or the law enforcement agency of the relevant jurisdiction.

3.6.2.2 Entitlement to Information

This disciplinary policy is based on a principle of natural justice which means that anonymous reports of a breach of conduct or anonymous complaints will not be considered and all parties have the right of response to any allegation.

All learners subject to a disciplinary investigation are entitled to be informed of the identity of the reporting party or complainant, except where it is felt this might present serious risk to that individual or others associated with them. The subject of the disciplinary investigation is also entitled to receive details of the allegations made against them and afforded appropriate opportunity to respond.

3.6.2.3 Communication and Record of an Investigation

Where a learner has allegedly committed an offence or breach of the Code of Conduct, they will be notified in writing (usually via e-mail) of the nature of the offence, their rights, and the procedure involved.

At any stage of these proceedings, the learner will be notified in writing (usually by e-mail) if they are required to attend a meeting. The learner will also be informed of their rights. Should a learner decide not to attend an investigatory or Disciplinary meeting at any stage, the appropriate committee or panel is authorised to proceed in their absence.

A written record will be made at each stage of this procedure. In the event of a finding that no offence has occurred, all records will be destroyed unless it is suspected that an allegation was made maliciously or in bad faith. This in turn may result in a further investigation or the opening of a new disciplinary proceeding.

3.6.3 Receipt of an Allegation of Misconduct or an Alleged Breach of the Code

An allegation of misconduct or an alleged breach of the Code must be reported to the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations or nominee (such as a member of Senior Management), who will review the allegation and determine what action is required.

Formal proceedings under the disciplinary policy will only be opened where it has not been possible to resolve the matter informally or the alleged offence is considered to be:

- A serious breach of the Code of Conduct.
- A repeat instance of a breach of discipline on the part of the learner.
- Academic Impropriety.

Note: Cases of Academic Impropriety are managed by the Quality Assurance Officer in accordance with the Academic Impropriety Policy (see above Section 3.3).

3.6.4 Investigating an Allegation under this Policy

On receipt of a report of misconduct, with the exception of Academic Impropriety, the assigned manager will review the report and any associated evidence and will determine the next steps, depending on the nature of the offence.

The learner will be notified of the allegation and invited to attend a meeting or respond in writing. In the case of an allegation or evidence of a serious offence, the learner may be temporarily suspended with immediate effect, pending a full investigation and review. Information uncovered in the course of an investigation can warrant suspension at a later stage.

Any individual invited to attend an interview as part of the investigation is entitled to be accompanied or represented by a third party who is not acting as a legal representative, such as the class representative or a family member or friend.

3.6.4.1 Failure to Respond to an Allegation

The failure to respond to an allegation will result in the case proceeding without the response. The case will not be terminated as a result of non-response from the learner concerned.

3.6.4.2 Potential Outcomes from an Investigation

Having invited a response from the learner at the centre of the allegation of misconduct, the assigned manager is required to compile a written report summarising the allegation and any supporting evidence. Upon completion of the report, the assigned manager is required to report one of the following outcomes:

- No offence
- An offence has occurred
- The matter is unresolved.

Decisions will be based on the evidence presented and determined based on the balance of probability.

1. A finding that no offence has occurred

If the assigned manager is satisfied that there is no case to answer, i.e. that no offence has occurred, the matter will be considered closed and all records will be destroyed after 14 working days, unless there is evidence to suggest that the original allegation was made maliciously and/or in bad faith.

2. A finding that an offence has occurred

- For minor offences, the assigned manager will impose an appropriate penalty.

- For serious offences, the assigned manager will refer the matter to the Disciplinary Committee for the purpose of imposing penalty or penalties.

The assigned manager must notify the learner of the intended action and the fact that a record of the offence(s) will be kept on their file.

3. A finding that the matter is unresolved

Where the matter remains unresolved, the assigned manager must convene a Disciplinary Committee to further review the evidence and make a judgement on whether an offence has occurred, and penalties associated if applicable.

The assigned manager must notify the learner of this in writing.

3.6.5 Disciplinary Hearing

A Disciplinary Committee must be convened as soon as is practically possible and minimising delay to reduce any impact on the learner, following the decision of the assignment manager being made known, or the decision of the Academic Impropriety investigation being made known.

The Disciplinary Committee membership comprises:

- Assigned Manager (Registrar and Director of Campus Operations, Exams Manager or nominee) (Chair)
- 1 x Academic staff representative
- 1 x Support staff representative
- 1 x member of Student Services

The Disciplinary Committee should only proceed with a meeting or hearing where the required quorum is present. The QA Officer or School Administrative Officer will act as secretary to the Committee.

In the case of Academic Impropriety, due to the earlier involvement of the Exams Manager, the Disciplinary Committee will be chaired by the Academic Dean, an appropriate Academic Director, or the Registrar and Director of Campus Operations (or nominee).

Any person involved in the formal complaint or with a pre-existing relationship with the learner concerned is excluded from membership of the Committee.

Once the Committee has been confirmed, the assigned manager will write to the learner and advise them of:

- The date, time and location of the hearing.
- Membership of the Committee.
- Their entitlement to be accompanied by a friend, a family member or a colleague who is not acting as a legal representative.

The Disciplinary Committee shall hear the case and record its deliberations and finding(s).

- In the case of the admission of a serious offence by the learner at the investigation stage of proceedings, the remit of the Committee is to determine the appropriate penalty.
- In the case of non-resolution at the investigation stage of proceedings, the Committee is required to determine, on the balance of probability, whether or not an offence has occurred, and the appropriate sanction to be applied if applicable.

Where the Committee determines on the balance of probability that no offence has occurred, the matter will be considered closed and all records will be destroyed, unless there is evidence to suggest that the original allegation was made maliciously and/or in bad faith.

Where the Committee determines on the balance of probability that an offence has occurred OR acts on admission of an offence in the investigatory stage, a penalty proportionate to the offence will be imposed.

The Secretary, on behalf of the Chair, will write to the learner and advise of the finding(s) of the Disciplinary Committee and what, if any, sanction is to be applied. The learner will also be advised of their right of appeal and the appeal process. The penalties that can be applied for minor and serious offences are outlined in the DBS QAH Part B Section 3.2.5-3.2.6 .

3.6.6 Right of Appeal and the DBS Appeals process

A learner may appeal a decision of the Disciplinary Committee in accordance with the DBS Appeals Policy outlined in Section 3.5 of this document.

3.6.7 Criminal Matters

DBS Policy is that any criminal matters are reported to the Gardaí or the authorities of the relevant jurisdiction.

3.6.8 Malicious or Bad Faith Allegations

At any stage in the course of an investigation, where there is evidence to suggest that an allegation has been made maliciously or in bad faith, disciplinary proceedings may be initiated against the individual(s) making the malicious allegation.

Where allegations are made in good faith, the College forbids retribution or retaliation of any kind against the individual(s) making the allegation. Any retribution or retaliation would be deemed a serious offence within the Code of Conduct and result in disciplinary proceedings being initiated against those responsible.

3.6.9 Schematic of the Disciplinary Process

Figure 5: Schematic of the Disciplinary Process



3.7 Cameras On Policy

Quality Assurance Handbook (QAH) Part B

Document Name                          Cameras On Policy                                                                                      
--------------------------------------------------------------
Policy Document Number                 046                                                                                                    
Version Reference                      V1.0                                                                                                   
Document Owner                         Academic Dean                                                                                          
Roles with Aligned Responsibility      Faculty, Academic Directors, Assistant Academic Directors, Registrar and Director of Campus Operations 
Applicability                          All programmes: NFQ L6 - 9, Professional Programmes, Study Abroad, DBS Online                          
Approved By                            Academic Board& QQI                                                                                    
Approval Date                          02/03/23                                                                                               
Date Policy Becomes Active             02/03/23                                                                                               
Revision Cycle                         A minimum of every five years                                                                          
Revision History/ Amalgamation History Active date will be following approval by Academic Board                                               
Additional Information                 N/A                                                                                                    
References/ Supporting Documentation   N/A                                                                                                    



3.7.1 Policy Overview

Learners not having their cameras turned on during class time is seen to impact negatively on faculty-learner engagement and learner-learner engagement.   Requiring learners to have their cameras when attending classes online reflects practice in the workplace, where those attending online meetings for work would be expected to have their cameras on.  This policy is in line with DBS stated strategic goal of creating work ready graduates.  Students are notified about the cameras-on policy during inductions.

It should be noted that online learning is not for every learner.  Learners unable to satisfy this policy and keep their cameras on during an online class may conclude that online learning is not an appropriate learning environment for them.

3.7.2 Policy Statement

- Learners are expected to have their cameras on when attending a class online unless they have notified their lecturer of a valid reason why their cameras are off.
- When attending a class online, learners are expected to ensure they are in a private place free of distractions, where it is acceptable to have their cameras on.
- o It is acceptable for a learner to notify a lecturer that their camera and/or microphone will be off for all or some of the duration of a class for valid reasons.

Learners can notify lecturers by either emailing them before the class. Acceptable reasons for turning off the camera include:

- Camera/microphone does not work (this will be acceptable temporarily)
- Wifi is not strong enough
- Having the camera/microphone on will disrupt the class (this will be acceptable temporarily).
- Learners may be ill.
- Having the camera on increases level of anxiety for the learner
- Reasons for keeping the camera off are temporary and the learner is expected to resolve these issues or reconsider whether online learning is for them.
- Faculty are expected to have their cameras on for the duration of a class being delivered online.
- Faculty may remove from an online class learners who do not turn on their cameras and do not provide a valid reason for not turning on their cameras in accordance with Section 3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy DBS QAH.

3.7.2 Additional Documents

- DBS QAH Part B Section 3.2 Learner Code of Conduct Policy.
- DBS QAH Part B Section 2.7 Digital Wellbeing Policy.

[END OF PART B SECTION 3]



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Student Pre-Arrival FAQ Guide

Key Pre-Arrival Information:                                                                  3              
-----------------------------
Login information and system access                                                           3              
Getting your Student Card                                                                     3              
Getting your Login details                                                                    3              
I don't understand my login details                                                           4              
What if I miss my Inductions?                                                                 4              
How do I get from Dublin Airport to the City Centre or Wider Dublin Area?                     4              
Can I open a bank account before I arrive in Ireland?                                         6              
Accommodation Queries:                                                                        8              
I am looking to book accommodation with Brickworks.                                           8              
I am looking to stay with a host family.                                                      9              
I am looking to stay in purpose built student accommodation (PBSA).                           9              
I am searching privately for a place to stay.                                                 9              
What challenges will I face when searching for private accommodation?                         10             
How do I ensure that a property I am looking at is not fraudulent?                            10             
I am unsure what part of Dublin to stay in.                                                   11             
What do I do if I need accommodation short term?                                              11             
Further accommodation support:                                                                11             
Queries                                                                                                      
International & VISA                                                                          13             
How can I get college letters? I am looking for bank letters, general reference PPSN letters. letters and 13 
What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?                                            13             
What documents do I need for first time registration with ISD?                                13             
I am arriving in Dublin with no friends? How do I meet new people?                            14             
What are my attendance requirements as an international student?                              14             
How can I open a bank account in Ireland?                                                     14             
Does DBS arrange airport transfers on behalf of students?                                     15             
Disabilities Office Queries                                                                   16             
How do I register for the Disabilities Services?                                              16             
Student Life Queries                                                                          17             
How many Clubs & Societies are there?                                                         17             
How do I sign up for our Clubs & Societies?                                                   17             
Where do I register for the college events?                                                   18             
What are the main social media networks?                                                      18             



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Careers Hub Queries                                                  19 
---------------------------------
How many hours can I work each week?                                 19 
What services are offered by the Careers Hub?                        19 
Can I book an appointment with the Careers Hub?                      20 
What resources are available to help me find employment?             20 
Practical Queries                                                    20 
What is the weather like in Ireland?                                 20 
Will I need to bring my own winter clothes?                          20 
Should I bring my own laptop or should I get one over there?         21 
Which plug sockets are used in Ireland?                              21 
Will my mobile phone work over in Ireland?                           21 
Can I drink the tap water over there?                                21 
Enjoying Ireland and Dublin                                          22 
Can you give me advice on what I should do when I come to Ireland?   22 
Can you give me advice on cool places I can visit across Dublin?     22 
Medical Information                                                  23 
What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?                     23 
What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?                23 
Cost of Living in Dublin as a DBS Student                            25 
Annual / Once-off Costs                                              25 
Monthly Costs                                                        26 
Key Expenses to Consider:                                            26 
Budgeting Tips for DBS Students:                                     28 



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Key Pre-Arrival Information:

Login information and system access

All students who have completed their application and payment with the admissions team will receive their login credentials no later than 6 days before the Monday of the first week of term. Please check your spam or junk folder if you can't find it. This will provide access to Student Email, Moodle (our virtual learning environment) and your student dashboard where you can update personal details and access other self service items.

Getting your Student Card

To receive your student card, you must have completed all parts of the admission process and made payment. We also require a photo to be submitted at https://www.dbs.ie/photoupload. If you have any issues uploading your photo, please go to Castle House, second floor, and we can take your picture on site.

You will then receive an email when your card is ready for collection. Please wait until you are notified that your card is available.

Getting your Login details

If you have not received any login details it may be due to the following reasons

- Fees have not been fully paid
- Registration process has not be completed

You will need to contact international@dbs.ie to confirm your registration is completed

An email will be sent to your personal email address with all the login details and important links for the induction schedule. This email will come from DBSlogin@mydbs.ie. Please check your inbox and your spam folder for this email.

Please wait until you have completed your Orientation, Induction and IT talks. During your induction talks you will be shown how to use the student portal services and you will be given access.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I don't understand my login details

Your student email will be your student number followed by @mydbs.ie

If you need to reset the password please click this link here

If you are having difficulty with login please click here for instructions.

Please note your student login access will ONLY be available after inductions and registration processes are completed.

What if I miss my Inductions?

If you have missed your induction talks you must watch the recordings via the induction schedule sheet that was sent to you by the college, there will be links to the recordings at the bottom of the induction sheet.

Please note Inductions are mandatory and should only be missed under extreme circumstances

How do I get from Dublin Airport to the City Centre or Wider Dublin Area?

Dublin Airport is located approximately 10 km north of Dublin City Centre, which is accessible by bus, taxi, car, cycling or walking. There are several transport options for those travelling to Dublin City Centre and beyond. You can travel directly to central locations such as O'Connell Street or connect to the rest of Ireland, by reaching Connolly and Heuston train stations, as well as Ireland's central bus station, Bus Áras.

Here are some of the best options you can use once you arrive.

Taxi:



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Taxis are readily available at the airport. You can find them at designated taxi ranks outside the arrivals terminal. Make sure to use official airport taxis or reputable taxi services.

Bus Services for Dublin City and Greater Dublin Area (most popular):

Dublin Airport is well-connected to the city center and other locations via a network of bus services.  Dublin Bus route 41 serving Swords and the city centre via Dublin Airport operates on a 24 hour basis.  For more information on tickets, booking and payment for all services, please click operator name below.

Operators and Route Numbers

Dublin Express 782, 784

Aircoach 700, 702, 703

Dublin Bus 16, 41

Go Ahead 33a, 102

Airport Hopper 767, 777

Dublin Coach 750

All buses operate from stops located within a short walking distance from the airport terminals. To view a map of Dublin Airport bus zones, bus stops and the location of bus operators, please see below or click here.

Airport Shuttle: Some hotels and accommodations offer shuttle services to and from the airport. Check with your hotel to see if they provide this service.

Car Rental: If you prefer the flexibility of driving yourself, you can rent a car from various car rental agencies located at the airport. This option is ideal if you plan to explore areas outside of Dublin.

Private Transfers: You can arrange for a private transfer service in advance. This option provides a comfortable and personalized experience, often with a driver waiting for you upon your arrival.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Uber and Ride-Sharing: Uber and other ride-sharing services might operate in Dublin, so you could use their apps to request a ride from the airport. Some examples include FREENOW, Uber, or Lynk.

Remember to consider factors such as cost, convenience, and the number of people traveling with you when choosing your transportation option. It's also a good idea to check for any updates or changes in transportation options before your trip, as services may evolve over time.

Can I open a bank account before I arrive in Ireland?

Yes you can, but you will need an Irish address for the bank card to be delivered to. This is essential to complete the application process. This can include a friend or family member.

Moneyjar has made the opening of a bank account really simple for our students, and the application will also help you to share everyday costs and plan future goals with friends and family.

Please note that you do not need a stamped college letter to open a bank account with Moneyjar.

A quick guide on getting started:

- 1 - Download the Moneyjar app
- 2 - Sign up using the 5 digit code. The DBS reference number is 41775
- 3 - You will need proof of identity - passport or driver's licence

Watch our 'How to get your banking started with Money Jar' video here.

Onboarding Guidelines when opening MoneyJar accounts

1.Outside the EEA

- 1.1 Signing Up



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Opening up a money jar Account outside of the EEA requires the customer to have an Irish address. This address can be their temporary or permanent address once they move to Ireland. It can be a friend, relatives or Hotel / B&amp;B once its an Irish address is key

Please note; the bank card will be sent to this address



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25







3

2









Provide your Personal Details

After downloading the Money Jar app to your phone, sign up for a new account and provide some personal details. All personal details are stored in an anonymous way for maximum security.

Choose a country to open your account in.









Your Mobile number is your unique identification

Receive an SMS to verify your mobile number.

Set a unique Password for security access.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Step by Step Guide.



Personal Details Continued.





Your full name and date of birth. Please note: must be exactly as appear on your official identity document, if not, it could delay your account application. They they

Fill in the personal financial questionnaire



Your local address.

Please note: This must be valid address indicating you reside in the country you are opening the account in.



Please Note: Your Answers should be accurate as this will impact your account application.



Review and agree to; the Money Privacy Policy. Jar

American Citizens are required to enter their TIN (Tax Identification Number) .



Review and agree the Money Jar Terms &amp; Conditions. to,





Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Step by Step Guide.



Proof of Identity &amp; Residency.

To successfully open a Money Jar account all applicants must provide standard proof of identity documents through the process within the app.



You will be shown what documents you will need to provide on this screen Everybody is required to provide Proof of ID and a photo of yourself.







Source of Money document requirements. (if requested)



Proof of identity document requirements .



Proof of Address document requirements.

(if requested)

Photo requirements.



Proof of Residency document requirements (if requested)

Customers from outside the European Union could be asked for further proof that are eligible to live/work /study in Europe they



Select the type of Identification you will submit.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Opening Your Money Jar Account: Stepby Step Guide.



Proof of Identity &amp; Residency Continued.



Take a photo of your Identity document.







Your documents should be processed quickly.



Take a photo of yourself.



If all your documents are in order you should have Money Jar account in a few minutes.

Customers from outside the European Union will be asked to provide extra residency documents



If there are concerns with your documents, there will be a delay while are checked further. they

Identity checks will be completed when all required documents have been uploaded.



Some customers may need to add a new document before accounts are opened.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25





Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Accommodation Queries:

I am looking to book accommodation with Brickworks.

Accommodation Partnership with Mezzino Brickworks:

DBS partners with Mezzino Brickworks to offer a selection of stunning rooms located within close proximity to the college each term. These rooms are available for both the full academic year and for semester-based bookings too, but are based on availability. Bookings must be arranged directly through the College. Please contact the Student Experience Team to inquire about current availability.

All rooms at Brickworks are designed for comfortable student living, featuring:

- Ample storage space
- Dedicated workspace
- Private ensuite bathroom
- Access to spacious, well-equipped living and kitchen areas
- All-inclusive bills (utilities, contents insurance, WiFi)

Brickworks also provides a range of excellent on-site amenities, including:

- A fully equipped gym
- Study rooms
- Games area
- Cinema room
- A roof terrace with panoramic views of Dublin.

For a virtual tour of Brickworks, please click here.

If you are interested in booking accommodation for the current semester, please contact the Student Experience Team to proceed with your booking.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I am looking to stay with a host family.

To enquire and book you need to contact our Homestay Partners ISA directly.

These are booked on a first come first serve basis. Prices for staying with a family start at €230 per week (single room/half board), with the locations spread across the Dublin area. You need to budget a further €25 - €35 per week for a weekly commute to the DBS Campus.

For more information you can visit - https://isaccommodation.com/

I am looking to stay in purpose built student accommodation (PBSA).

If you are looking to secure accommodation in Purpose Built Student Accommodation in Dublin your budget here should be €330-400 per week. Most Purpose Built Student Accommodations may have waiting lists if they are currently fully booked.

You can view a list of providers and contact details by here.

I am searching privately for a place to stay.

Average single room rent is around €800-1100 per month. The closer to the city you are, the more expensive your accommodation will be.  DBS recommend www.spotahome.com where accommodation is checked and verified by the website.

Spotahome offers DBS students 25% discount on the one time service fee. Use the promo code DBS25 at time of booking .

They also provide DBS students with personalized assistance via this email , simply contact spotahome with your accommodation search requirements and a dedicated agent will provide you with options that best fit your needs.

You can view some of the popular platforms to use by clicking here.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



What challenges will I face when searching for private accommodation?

To get all of the necessary information on how to source a place to stay this coming term, watch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin'.

What this webinar covers:

- Current Accommodation Landscape across Dublin
- Summary of accommodation options across Dublin
- Expectations as a student arriving to Dublin
- Choosing where to stay in Dublin
- Navigating private accommodation platforms effectively
- FAQ's (Frequently asked questions)

How do I ensure that a property I am looking at is not fraudulent?

Please be cautious when renting accommodation from private landlords, and do not hand over a deposit/ rent without viewing the property in person. In particular, do not use Facebook or other social media outlets, instead use the sites recommended on this page.

Please follow the following advice when sourcing your accommodation:

- Do not pay anything without viewing.
- View all accommodations with a friend.
- Do not make any online payments.
,se a credit card for payments if possible.
- Be sure that all banks/online companies are legitimate.
- Do not make any payments if the bank account given is not an Irish Bank Account.
- Do not pay a deposit until you have personally viewed the property.
- Contact a member of our Student Services to help advise you if an accommodation source looks suspicious. You can contact us through this emailstudent.services@dbs.ie
- Alert the local authorities of your suspicion - (Gardaì - 01 666 9063).



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



I am unsure what part of Dublin to stay in.

Dublin is a busy city to live and study in and DBS is conveniently located in the heart of the City Centre. This makes for great ease of access no matter where you are living across the city.

You can choose where to stay by using the transport network or the area codes as a main reference. You can get more advice on how to choose where to stay in Dublin by clicking here.

What do I do if I need accommodation short term?

There are short term accommodation options available, to give yourself time to do a more permanent accommodation search when you arrive in Ireland.

DBS recommends www.staycity.com , which is ideal short term accommodation for groups of 2,3, or 4.

Dublin also has many Hostels, Hotels &amp; Air BnB's located around the city. This will be your best option, while you get settled into life at DBS.

These will be more expensive compared to all other accommodation options and is not recommended for a long term solution.

List of Hostels:

- ●
- Barnacles Temple Bar -
- https://barnacles-temple-bar-house-hotel-dublin.hotel-ds.com/en/
- Kinlay House - http://www.kinlaydublin.ie/
- Abbey Court-  htttp://www.abbey-court.com
- Generator Hostel - https://staygenerator.com/hostels/dublin

Further accommodation support:

If you still need more information regarding sourcing accommodation in Dublin you can watch back our 'Webinar on sourcing accommodation in Dublin', which is a short recording that gives you the tools to assist in your room search in Dublin.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



We hope that all of the above information will help you in search for accommodation this semester. If you need further assistance or have any queries please email the student services team via student.services@dbs.ie who will be more than happy to help.

You can also check out the DBS Accommodation Guide for more comprehensive information on finding your home this academic year.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



International &amp; VISA Queries

How can I get college letters? I am looking for bank letters, general reference letters and PPSN letters.

Students can only generate and request letters once you have fully completed your registration to the college, and your course has begun.

You will be shown how to request letters during Induction. Your inductions are mandatory, for more information regarding inductions, please visit our Eventbrite. Here you will be able to secure a ticket for a date and time that suits you.

You do not need a bank letter to open a Moneyjar Account - see below.

What hours am I allowed to work on a Stamp 2 visa?

Students must have registered with ISD and received your IRP card- if you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday period, June to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.

What documents do I need for first time registration with ISD?

To book an appointment with ISD for first time registration you can free phone 1800 800 630 or visit the ISD registration website.

- 1) Confirmed Offer and Acceptance letter
- 2) Registration Fee / Receipt of college fees
- 3) Passport
- 4) Proof of medical insurance



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Students do not need a letter from the college for your first time registration.

I am arriving in Dublin with no friends? How do I meet new people?

Don't worry you will have lots of opportunities to get involved in everything that DBS has to offer. We have 100's of events and activities each term for students to enjoy, while giving everyone to meet new people too. The Student Experience Team will be on hand during your inductions to give you all of the important information that you need. This will cover events, activities, as well as opportunities to network and socialise with your classmates.

The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. We have recently launched our summer series, for more information and how to purchase tickets, please check out our Eventbrite.

Here at DBS we also have many Clubs and Societies you can join. We will have a Clubs and Societies Day which will show you all of the Clubs and Societies that we have here within the college. If you do not see a Club or Society catered to you, email us at student.services@dbs.ie and our Clubs and Society Officer, Subomi, will happily sit down with you to discuss options!

What are my attendance requirements as an international student?

Full (100%) attendance is required at all lectures and workshops. This is a condition of your student visa. If attendance falls below 85% DBS may notify Immigration Services.

Attendance Policy as per our Quality Assurance Handbook. You can read this in full here.

How can I open a bank account in Ireland?

DBS has partnered with MoneyJar. MoneyJar offers a simple step by step process to opening an account. You do not need a bank letter to open an account with Money Jar. All DBS students need the 5 digit sign in code 41775 to start their application.

How to Open a Student Bank Account with MoneyJar.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Does DBS arrange airport transfers on behalf of students?

No, there are no arrangements directly with DBS. The transport links from Dublin Airport are excellent and easy to get to on arrival. We advise students to arrange their own transfer using a taxi or public transport when you arrive in the airport.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Disabilities Office Queries

How do I register for the Disabilities Services?

Please contact the Disabilities and Inclusion Officer via email student.services@dbs.ie who will arrange to meet with you and take you through support which can be provided.

Our officer will also guide you through the process for availing of these supports.

You can view the support guide HERE



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Student Life Queries

How many Clubs &amp; Societies are there?

There is a wide variety of clubs and societies that can be found in DBS, catering for all interests and passions. We have over 50 active clubs &amp; societies.

1. Academic and Professional: These clubs and societies focus on specific academic disciplines or professional fields, such as business, data analytics, law, event management, sustainability or psychology…
2. Cultural and Ethnic: These clubs and societies celebrate and promote the culture, traditions, and heritage of specific ethnicities or countries. DESI society, Italian Society, International student society, Malaysian society…
3. Hobby and Interest: These clubs and societies are centered around shared hobbies or interests, such as photography, gaming, music, dance, drama, chess, hiking, creative writing, or debate…
4. Sports and Recreation: These clubs and societies are dedicated to sports and physical activities. Such as Football, basketball, badminton, ultimate Frisbee, tennis, sea swimming, volleyball, rock climbing, martial arts and yoga…

We have a very diverse range of options available, and if you don't find a club that matches your interests, you can even consider starting your own club with like-minded individuals.

How do I sign up for our Clubs &amp; Societies?

During your inductions, a Clubs &amp; Societies Sign-Up form will be shared. This is your way of showing your interest in any of our Clubs &amp; Societies, who will follow up with you. All clubs and societies are free (no charge) to join.

CLICK HERE TO VIEW CLUBS &amp; SOCIETIES SIGN-UP FORM



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Where do I register for the college events?

It is simple to register for College events. The Student Experience Team and Student Union provide various student events throughout the year for students to get to know each other. For more information and how to purchase tickets, please check out our Eventbrite HERE.

What are the main social media networks?

Here are the links to all of our social media handles. Start following us now to keep up to date of what's going on.

INSTAGRAM - @dbsstudentexperience TIKTOK - @dbsstudentexperience FACEBOOK - DBS Student Experience SPOTIFY - DBS Student Experience Podcast



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Careers Hub Queries

How many hours can I work each week?

Students must have registered with ISD and received their IRP card - if you have not registered you are not eligible for work.

Under the conditions of a student visa (stamp 2) you can work up to 20 hours a week during term time. This includes while doing dissertation or waiting for results.

This is extended up to 40 hours a week during a holiday period, June to September inclusive and from 15 December to 15 January.

What services are offered by the Careers Hub?

The Careers Hub offers a range of free career support services to all DBS students. We host workshops throughout the year and cover various career related topics in the following areas:

- CV development
- LinkedIn and optimising your profile
- How to get a Part-time job
- Networking
- Career Planning and Job Searching
- Interview preparation and skills

You must attend all careers workshops when included in your timetable.

We host podcasts with industry professionals who give advice and pointers which will help you on your job search and career journey. We invite employers to participate at events during the year where they'll talk to you about career opportunities in their companies and the kind of things that they expect from graduates.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Can I book an appointment with the Careers Hub?

Students can book individual coaching sessions with a DBS careers coach. If you are looking to update your CV and LinkedIn profile, build a professional network, start your job search and prepare for interviews, the Careers Hub can support you every step of the way. There are a number of steps that must be completed first before scheduling a coaching session and we will advise you of these steps during class visits.

You can request a coaching session by sending a request through the Helpdesk.

What resources are available to help me find employment?

There is a wide range of tools and resources available in the DBS Careers Hub to help you with planning your career and finding employment.

Practical Queries

What is the weather like in Ireland?

Ireland enjoys a mild, temperate climate with warm summers and mild winters…for the most part. Weather extremes are very rare here. In winter, temperatures vary from 3 to 8 C. In summer, averages range from 12 to 18 and peak in the low 20's.

The one thing you can count on in Ireland is rain. December and January are the wettest months. Snowfall in winter tends to be light and typically lasts no more than a couple days. The summer periods can be very enjoyable with long evenings and mild conditions making it very pleasant for socialising outside during the weekends.

Will I need to bring my own winter clothes?

You should definitely bring clothes for the varying elements of the Irish climate. A good rain jacket will serve you very well in most circumstances. We would recommend that you also bring good footwear with you.

But do not worry about bringing loads of heavy items with you, there are loads of fashion and outdoor wear retailers within walking distance from the DBS campus. We have a wide variety of branded DBS clothing available from the Student Services Hub, which includes jacket, hoody's, jumpers, tee's, and most important of all rain jackets.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Read more on What to Wear in Ireland from a popular blog.

Should I bring my own laptop or should I get one over there?

You can bring your own laptop to Ireland, as most electrical items should work over here. However you may need to use an adapter if the plug sockets don't match with yours.

If you do want to get a laptop over here, there are a lot of options for you to purchase one at an electrical appliance store.

Which plug sockets are used in Ireland?

For Ireland the associated plug type is G, which is the plug that has three rectangular pins in a triangular pattern. Ireland operates on a 230V supply voltage and 50Hz.

Will my mobile phone work over in Ireland?

This depends on your network provider, however most students register with one of the Irish networks when they arrive in Ireland. You can compare which of the networks is right for you by clicking here. Mobile data is probably the most important element in choosing a package that is right for you, and there is great connectivity in Ireland.

Can I drink the tap water over there?

It is safe to drink tap water in Ireland.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Enjoying Ireland and Dublin

Can you give me advice on what I should do when I come to Ireland?

Check out our latest initiative from the Student Experience Team. This 'Passport Competition' at Dublin Business School is your ultimate guide to maximising your college experience with us. By visiting each of the places on our list, you will not only create unforgettable memories, but you will have a chance to win some other epic prizes.

Click here to read more about getting started on the competition.

Can you give me advice on cool places I can visit across Dublin?

Are you looking for advice from the Student Experience Team on where to go to have some fun across the city, or where the coolest places across the city are? Maybe you're looking for cheap spots for lunch near the campus? Or even where our favourite coffee shops are?

Well then make sure you check out our Student Experience Guide to our City Campus. This is a comprehensive guide covering everything you need to know as a student studying with us.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Medical Information

What do I do if I get sick when I am in Ireland?

If you get sick while you're in Ireland, here are some steps you can take to ensure you receive the appropriate care and assistance:

Assess Your Condition: Determine the severity of your illness. If it's a minor ailment that you can manage with over-the-counter medication, you might not need immediate medical attention. However, if your condition is serious or worsening, seek medical help promptly.

Contact a Doctor or GP: If you need medical attention, you can call a local doctor (General Practitioner or GP) to schedule an appointment. They can provide advice, diagnose your condition, and recommend appropriate treatment.

Which Doctor or GP should I visit?

DBS has partnered with Dame Street Medical should students require a doctor's appointment. As many students may require a GP whilst studying, we believe this partnership will be beneficial to students due to its close proximity to the DBS campus.

Dame Street Medical is now taking on new patients and registering is extremely easy. To register simply book an appointment to see one of their doctors.

To book an appointment:

Call (01 6790754)  or email damestreetmedicalcentre@gmail.com

Read more here.

What other medical options do I have outside of a GP?

Visit a Pharmacy: For minor illnesses or common ailments, you can visit a pharmacy (chemist) for advice and over-the-counter medications. Pharmacists in Ireland can provide guidance on non-prescription remedies.

Hospital or Emergency Care: In case of a medical emergency or if your condition is severe, go to the nearest hospital emergency department. Dial 999 for emergency services in Ireland or 112 for emergency services in any European Country.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Travel Insurance: If you have travel insurance, contact your insurance provider to understand the coverage and procedures for seeking medical care. They can guide you on how to proceed and what documentation you might need.

Public Health Clinics: Depending on the nature of your illness, you might be able to visit a public health clinic or urgent care center for non-emergencies.

Language Barrier: If English is not your first language and you're having trouble communicating your symptoms, consider having a local friend or someone who speaks English accompany you to the medical facility.

Prescription Medication: If a doctor prescribes medication, you can have it filled at a pharmacy. Keep in mind that some medications that are available over the counter in other countries might require a prescription in Ireland.

Rest and Hydration: Regardless of the severity of your illness, make sure to rest, stay hydrated, and follow any medical advice you receive.

Stay Informed : Keep up to date with local health advisories, especially if there are any specific health concerns or outbreaks in the area.

Remember that it's important to seek appropriate medical care when needed. If you're unsure about the best course of action, don't hesitate to ask locals or staff at your accommodation for guidance. It's also recommended to have a basic understanding of your travel insurance coverage before you travel to ensure you know what to do in case of illness.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Cost of Living in Dublin as a DBS Student

Embarking on your academic journey at Dublin Business School is an exciting step. To ensure a smooth transition and a fulfilling student experience, understanding the cost of living in Dublin is essential. This guide provides a comprehensive overview of potential expenses and valuable budgeting tips.

Understanding Your Expenses:

The cost of living varies depending on your lifestyle, accommodation choices, and personal spending habits. However, it's crucial to have a realistic budget in place.

General Cost of Living Estimates:

It's recommended that students budget a minimum of €2,500 per month to cover basic living expenses in Dublin. However, this is just a guideline, and actual costs may vary.

Annual / Once-off Costs

Item                                                           Cost     
---------------------------------
Flights                                                        Variable 
Irish Residence Permit (Non-EU / non-EEA / non-UK / non-Swiss) €300     
Laptop (if you have to purchase on arrival)                    €850     
New Bedding and Cooking Utensils                               €200     



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Monthly Costs

Item                                                  Lowest estimate   Highest estimate   
-----------------------------------------------------
Accommodation                                         €1,000            €2,000             
Bill & Utilities                                      €80               €150               
Food                                                  €300              €500               
Local Travel (Student Leap Card)                      €40               €70                
Clothing and Hygiene                                  €100              €200               
Internet and Mobile                                   €25               €80                
Personal / Social                                     €90               €200               
Miscellaneous (medical, unforeseen expenses, tourism) €50               €150               
Gym/Sport & Recreation                                €30               €75                
Total                                                 €1,715            €3,425             

Key Expenses to Consider:

Accommodation:

This is typically the most significant expense. Options include private rentals, shared accommodations, or purpose-built student housing. Researching and securing accommodation well in advance is highly recommended.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Purpose built student accommodation: This costs between €275-450 per week.

Private rental: Costs vary widely depending on location and type of accommodation. Consult websites like Numbeo or Daft.ie for average rental prices.

Remember to factor in deposit costs (usually one month's rent) and potential utility setup fees.

Food:

Groceries, dining out, and takeaway meals contribute to your monthly expenses. Cooking at home can significantly reduce costs.

Transportation:

Dublin's public transport system is efficient. Consider a Leap Card for discounted travel. Cycling or walking are also viable options.

Utilities:

If living in private accommodation, budget for electricity, gas, internet, and waste disposal (if living in private accommodation).

Personal Expenses:

This category includes clothing, entertainment, social activities, and personal care items.

Health Insurance:

Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students are required to have health insurance. Costs can range from €160 to €670 per year.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Irish Residence Permit (IRP):

Non-EU/EEA/UK/Swiss students must register for an IRP, which costs €300 per year.

Initial Setup Costs:

These include initial groceries, household items, and any necessary deposits.

Budgeting Tips for DBS Students:

Create a Detailed Budget:

Track your income and expenses to identify areas where you can save.

Utilize Student Discounts:

Take advantage of student discounts on transportation, entertainment, and other services.

Cook at Home:

Preparing your own meals can significantly reduce food costs.

Explore Free Activities:

Dublin offers numerous free activities, such as parks, museums, and cultural events.



Pre-Arrival FAQ's Student Experience Team Academic Year 2024/25



Consider Part-Time Work:

If your visa allows (Stamp 2 visa), a part-time job can supplement your income. Remember to prioritize your studies. Students on a stamp 2 visa can work 20 hours a week during term, and 40 hours a week during holidays.  The minimum wage in Ireland is currently €13.50 per hour.

Open a Bank Account:

Having an Irish bank account will make managing your finances easier. Consider opening a digital current account before travel.

Use Budgeting Apps:

Several apps can help you track your spending and create a budget.

Prepare for Unexpected Costs:

Set aside a portion of your budget for emergencies.

Research and compare costs:

Use websites like Numbeo, and other cost of living websites, to get a good understanding of realistic costs.

Financial planning:

Do not rely on finding a job to fund your studies. Ensure you have enough funds before arriving in Ireland.